welcome to Scrapyard Wars where Luke and
I compete to build the best computer on
a fixed budget and this year it's going
to be interesting because we get to play
with an enormous
$800 including a hundred bucks to spend
on whatever we want from our sponsor
Jawa at the end of the week our setups
will be put through the ultimate
Gauntlet to find out who wins scrapyard
Wars yeah go go go do I keep all the
money here
[Music]
what this year the rules are mostly the
same except for one major change our
teammate can make pickups after the 5:00
p.m. cutoff we'll be bringing them in
shortly we still aren't allowed to
research or plan off hours nor are we
allowed to use our industry connections
or our influencer clout for deals which
has become harder as the channel has
grown and my face has become a bit of a
meme that is why our first stop is a
little
unusual there's actually one more change
this year you're not building just a
computer you're doing a full gaming
setup for $800 oh so like monitor
keyboard mouse yes oh I can do that desk
chair desk too easy unless he defines
chair I'm just going to show up with a
log I don't need to Define anything cuz
there's three parts to the score there's
going to be Labs testing there's going
to be subjective judging and then there
will be a benchmark drag race at the end
oh so you need to oppress the judges
with your setup well that is harder than
isn't it yeah oh it kind of gives you a
box or nose we're going to put on a few
small pieces to agid you a little bit
Yeah cuz that's what I need make you
look a little bit more tired grumpy
Haggard biker yeah and you're a biker
you're probably getting all that hitting
you clearly I'm a little ways off from
my close up but that doesn't mean I
can't start working on my plan of attack
we know the first name's Duke what do
you think for the last name I think you
kind of mentioned offand a bit ago Sons
of Anarchy there was like teller Dax
Morrow Morrow Duke Morrow I like Duke
Morrow that's a good one you know what
the end result for the makeup supposed
to be have you given any thought to your
identity as this finalized person not
even a little bit it might be time to do
that pick what bike does Duke Morrow
ride I like that one okay Luke has a
full Alias ready to go what I'm probably
just going to cheap out and just be my
grandpa boo you need a whole identity my
grandpa's cool I have a whole identity
I'm
John I'm from the
Prairies as is tradition we start by
scoping out the usual secondhand
marketplaces Facebook has come up in a
big way since the last time we did one
of these craigsl is like dead now man
looking at gpus over on Facebook right
now I'm kind of wondering if my $100 on
jawwa would be best spent just getting a
decent GPU and then fighting my way
through like crappy old Lenovo
pre-builts that are local honestly so
far finding the things on Jawa seems the
easiest but I'm trying to make sure that
I look everywhere we'll shop around a
6700 XT is like $400 Canadian Dollar on
Facebook and as low as $240 us on Java
so it's like $320 bucks wow oh yeah
aside from pricing there's a couple
talking points uh put the market in the
hands of Gamers you can find parts
pre-built systems new and used and
they've got individually vetted verified
sellers so that's probably what I'm
going to want to go with so I can make
sure that we get it shipped up here in
time that's exactly right are we
considering things like shipping cost
and stuff like that no no no no we're
getting it like expedited so it'll
arrive tomorrow they're not actually
available in Canada they're making an
exception for us I kind of wish they
were though looking at this right now
meet your teammate what's up
brother name is Duke
Meo Duke so I've got a bit of a bad
update for you okay turns out um never
buying your own computer components and
not reviewing computer components for I
think 5 years since the last Gra spred
Wars means I have no idea what's going
on the what I've done is nothing well I
have some good news okay I have a plan
that I think will win us the game
brother there's a whole bunch of mom and
popop Tech shops or even just small Tech
shops that do like small to medium
businesses they have recycling piles oh
we could probably just call them so get
as much get like PC cases power supplies
things like that when I was working at a
place several years ago they were
recycling eighth gens CPUs whoa I love
this one thing that I was doing actually
was Googling around for recycling places
because something that won me of scrap
red wars in the past was finding free
geek yeah yeah totally free geek is
closed now oh yeah I forgot about that
wo I like this deal what the hell is
this Tower only 250 bucks core i78700 32
gigs Ram this is obviously a custom
build comes with a tower cooler woah wo
cic 520 wat power supply dude I should
just go buy this I might not even keep
all that stuff I like 4 days I can flip
some of that stuff we're going to turn a
paperclip into a house let's go I'm
going to be super formal in my
communication I think that's going to be
part of my Persona I don't have a lot of
money what does he want to oh he wants
to play fortnite I'm going to spell it
wrong thank you John okay send message
we're going to see how it goes
apparently presentation is some amount
of the judging I don't know how much
like if we end up with kind of an ugly
computer M my idea was that we hide it
by like desk mounting the computer
basically and I have found a desk that
had like cable management holes in it
and all that kind of stuff that was free
it says pickup available today so we
should offer like now it's in Langley
too so it's nice and close overdale this
guy's like yeah just come by and pick it
up so we will go pick it up today h this
is
interesting what the hell is a ryzen
54500 oh wait do I have a message back
already I'm not a gamer you need to look
at the specs and draw your own conclus
clusions sorry can you advise if this is
the best deal you can offer me all right
well he got back to me really fast
that's a big improvement over the
Craigslist days what do I want my angle
to be I got to impress the judges if all
I had to do was build a fast computer no
problem who are the judges can we cater
to the judges yeah I'll tell you the
judges it's Nicole plof and Riley okay
so plof we need a good Monitor and
keyboard Riley is going to want
minimalism I want to make sure that we
try to spend nothing on desk chair
things like computer case stuff like
that but we should still try to do cool
things with it I should start figuring
out what I'm going to expect to pay for
like a desk I mean it's got to be free
right oh it's free as things that I'm a
little bit concerned about is
peripherals and monitor Labs won't be uh
testing the monitor they'll just be
testing the computer but the the monitor
will be more sub experience wao this
monitor is 300 HZ for
$175 honestly you might want to even
just send it that's really good it's a
24 in 1080p 1 millisecond IPS slow
motion dude I can get leftover paint for
like five bucks like if I like painted
up the walls near my setup and stuff I
think that'd go a long way there's one
system on Jawa that's like really sick
it's like legitimately pretty well
specked out my my biggest concern was
that's
American Bic our budget I think that'd
be like $800 yeah so you have to get
like a free monitor free mouse free
keyboard free desk free chair
[Music]
res 400 bucks man there's some deals of
course C Sonic Focus gm550 man will not
come with storage okay that's what's
missing on this buddy for 400 all right
hi just sending some messages sending
some messages High lus never better oh
God
okay it was the reverse of what happened
when he shaved his beard off honestly
things are going a little rough okay for
team lonus and Sammy okay I found a
couple of pretty good deals they are not
responding to me oh I found one okay
deal Buddy needs 2 hours of notice but
it's for a core
i78700 which is okay yeah that's like
worse than mine and I play games that
run out of hamster wheel so what I
really want is a ryen 3000 Series
there's a couple good deals out there
one of them I can call but I think it
might be actually better if you place
the call so guess what you're up now we
need a store you're my
daughter-in-law so that's why you're
communicating for me okay I'm trying to
buy a gaming system for my grandson I
guess he's your son then I'm 23 you
could have a son yeah biologically
speaking look I'm not saying you're a
responsible daughter-in-law I don't have
a lot of money I'm a pensioner okay you
have reached mailbox number we're going
to text I guess that makes it a little
bit easier okay um okay go uh stand
by what I mean you're good for now are
you sure you're old man finger store
should I type it off if we get the whole
computer for free we could spend the
rest of the budget just on ploof monitor
his current monitor that he has I'm down
but that all depends on you getting it
for free so why don't you call the tech
shops yeah maybe I should and see if
they have a Rec seconding pile they let
you dig through this person's mailbox is
full you can okay I guess we're calling
somewhere else so Luke is also doing
this right now you have reached mailbox
number
64 hey there I was just calling I just
heard back from uh buddy with the $400
3600 machine it's got a 1660 super in it
already we could probably flip that for
a few bucks b450a Pro Max 16 gigs rip
Jaws 3600 Focus 550 W power supply
Serenity Now nice looking case Okay lots
of nice looking fans and stuff will not
come with storage exclamation mark
that's fine we can find storage I worry
that this place is going to know my
voice though cuz I've definitely called
you got me do it hi there bit of a bit
of a long shot but I've just been
calling around trying to see if uh any
of the computer shops have like a
recycling pile or something if you've
got anything you were planning on
recycling if I could sift through it
that would be fantastic yeah I could I
could ask one of the the bosses would I
be able to give you a call back yeah
absolutely I I really appreciate it what
was your name L uh
duke duke duke yeah okay I'll give you a
call back okay thank you holy
crap What's Your Name
dke by the way they probably know who
you are cuz I've been there and they've
talked about lmg so this might be a
little bit interesting I hope they don't
agree to do it just because they might
have a sense of who you are if they do
it should be fine cuz it's free right
not really oh I suspect it would be
against the spirit of the competition I
see but I'll try to be pretty convincing
this buddy has no GPU in it okay but
does have storage okay oh God what's
this now I can help you out with that if
you're not the most text having oh
that's so helpful I am asking my
daughter inlaw to have a look at your
listing for me she is quite
knowledgeable no pressure though what do
you mean no I put things together I've
made one PC that's it you know how to
graph data visualization right yeah I
could do that on a
MacBook what time would we be looking at
I I don't mind this one ideally we
should be picking up at least something
today or it's going to be a big waste of
Tom's time to make me
up can we come
in oh uh uh uh uh no pressure an hour
can we come in takes an hour to get
there 1.5 hours we're going to
immediately flip this GPU okay cuz we're
going to pick up something else but we
got basically everything else that we
need here other than storage so we just
got to find storage do we have we don't
have one oh okay so you just wanted
something else mhm where do you want to
meet up oh God we're going to need like
an outfit for me by then well we're
committed now Sammy should we call Black
laab Glenn that's the guy who uh we did
like buying out the mom and pop tech
shop give it a shot I'll give a call
we'll see if Keith answers they picked
up my recycling last week ah okay
[Music]
yeah I'm going to ask him if he can do
$25 off but I feel like I might have
committed already am I going to be one
of those guys that shows up $50 short
and is like well do you want it or not
no I hate those people I actually hate
them I would be like I don't know this
man someone just reached out to me so
I'm not sure that's Luke they just low
balled you they sound like a
jerk pleasure doing business with you
that sounds very Boomer I know well it's
what I'm going for man yeah no response
from any of the tech shops I'm going to
feel so dumb if we buy a 3070 knowing we
can get the rest of the parts for like
nothing I agree so overall update we're
debating on buying a 3070 on jawwa and
it is well priced on Jawa it is actually
well priced uh compared to our local
area right now but the issue we're
potentially seeing is if we spend that
little of our budget on a 3070 and we
get the rest of the computer for very
cheap we could have theoretically bought
a 3080 and so now we're trying to weigh
our options of should we just bite the
bullet and get the
3070 should we wait for for this one of
the tech shops to call us cuz maybe
they'll say yeah come look through our
recycling pile well we could buy the
3070 hear me out do you think someone
here wants to buy a 3070 we sell it to
them for $20 more that is actually fine
you I don't think we could sell it in in
in the company but if we were able to
flip it on Facebook market like a day
and a half yeah cuz it's it's showing up
from java if we buy that stuff has
happened by the way yeah it's just very
hard let's see
3070 okay what's a 3070 going
for 2300 wo wo
wo $260 is this just like an amazing
deal the only thing we're going to get
that might be better would be if we
could get a 6800 XT okay I don't think
we're getting that maybe a 6,800 XT what
about a 3080 equivalent AMD card that's
what I'm looking for right now got it oh
man I'm I'm a little scared to just take
the first deal I see on Java but like I
think this is like the best deal if Luke
doesn't get this I think he's like boned
the thing is that like I feel like if
it's the official store they would have
tested it question mark that's true cuz
that's like a big chunk of change R and
we can't get it back still going with
that then yeah I'm I think we're still
going to go with it found 100 Herz 1080p
22in monitor for 50 bucks or we get that
monitor that we saw that super Overkill
monitor cuz if we get a 3070 or 3080
it'll be able to drive it but then that
monitor is 100 Canadian it was yeah it
and it's all the Java money so we would
only have 600 bucks left which then
would be 500 for a 3080 so we' have $1
$100 for the rest of the system and
peripherals there is a $75 one it's 24
in 144 that's sick isn't it yeah 75
bucks and then we have 25 bucks still on
Java so spend it on that SSD what's the
most we can get for the max price of 25
bucks we can get a 256 SATA or a 256 m.2
sheesh brother or we spend 28 so we go
$3 US to Canadian and we get a 480 sat
you want to do that I think that's that
seems pretty good to me okay we need to
find out what the cheapest SSD we can
get is oh wait buddy here has tons of
them okay no no we can yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah okay so we can we can get them
for 20 bucks Canadian locally now we're
trying to make a commitment on the GPU
so that we can have a pricing for the
rest of the system but we don't want to
actually spend the money so we're going
to ask someone if we can make an
agreement to buy the card and say can we
pick it up tomorrow with full intention
to actually do that
but by saying we're going to pick it up
tomorrow we're buying ourselves the time
to figure out if it's even technically
possible so that is 100% the goal we're
not going to try to bail on this
person um but we want to lock in the
deal $380 and 800 system is insane I can
pick it up tomorrow is there any wiggle
room on the price smiley face I don't
know if I'm deleting the smiley face I
don't know if Duke Mero would send a
smiley face oh sorry yeah you're Duke
I oh I never checked my email whoo whoo
whoo wo I heard back from this guy I'm 3
after 6 today okay original Craigs List
oh whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa
whoa whoa okay but it only comes with 8
gigs of RAM but it has a better
motherboard it has a Quadro 600 that's
like really old I think Quadro 600 is
worth
$5 where do you see 4500 u in the
posting I mean it says 4500 that's not a
CPU wait what the H is a ryzen 54500 oh
it is a desktop chip how okay with
bending the rules are
you we're okay with that what if we like
bought this and then we went on like a
selling spree over the next bit because
I I think this deal is crazy okay like I
think this guy has no idea what this
stuff is worth there's five noctua fans
the noctua fans are worth $200 I say we
do it okay and then we sell stuff and
then we have to sell stuff to get back
under budget
okay Luke would do the same thing I
don't know if we actually want to go
with his name but hey young
Mike such a stupid name what's up if I
come pick up today at
6 can you give me $20
off see this isn't so much a budget
management exercise as a cash flow
management exercise because the jawwa
cash hasn't left our wallet so as long
as by the time the jawwa card arrives
and the cash is back in our wallet by
then then we're good okay right I didn't
hear anything and I we'll allow it cuz
it sounds interesting
okay okay okay okay between these two
deals I think we're in really good shape
because like Orizon
3600 is worth like 90 bucks there's all
mental math which is not my specialty
have you seen the tattoos wa you got one
by your eye damn your nose is huge I
can't get over the nose the nose is
pretty huge this side is enormous yeah I
really don't look that different I think
if I put a hat on though yeah a hat
would help here we go here we go we
heard back okay sure sure sure 20 bucks
off we just got 20 bucks off let's go
$20 is the difference between Victory
and crushing defeat okay in scrapyard
Wars $20 is the difference between cute
desk and not cute desk that's true and
it'll get us points with Nicole right
cuz she has a cat right yes I'm still
down your head all right let's do it I
think you should do it you want me to
shave his head you should shave his head
why are we even why are we doing this at
all does he need to be convincing as
well is Linus's person also getting
disguised is that a no the problem is
Elijah is actually kind of recognizable
uh we do need to go to our first Port of
Call very soon though here's what I'm
thinking Sammy okay do you want to make
a quick trip to the Valley Village we
have a separate budget for clothes for
our outfit okay you got to help me out
here I'm fine if you try to actually
style it you don't have to go straight
bald what does style it mean I don't
know do a lower tape or fade straight
bald is the only style we
know I already regret it I don't know if
this is the right time to say it I've
never cut anyone's hair in my entire
life if you want to see the uh the full
you know uncut version of me brutalizing
Elijah's hair uh check it out on Flow
playay and if you're not subscribed
there has never been a better time we're
going to be releasing every part of
scrapyard world a little bit early on
the platform and that's on top of all
the incredible content we have cooking
at lm. g/f floatplane but wait there's
more if you're itching for even more
scrapyard Wars goodness Jawa has an
entire giveaway campaign running right
now they gave us a sneak peek and I got
to say you're going to want to check it
out for yourself that's at the link
below now back to the video sorry I'm a
little focused right now but yeah check
it out I appreciate him being focused oh
my God that's a lot of hair I'm giving
young Mike a
buzz what does that say I don't want to
this rip okay I don't want it to be like
white people can't read this or
something we're here at Valley Village
line is giving $50 in cash I was tasked
to specifically get him a hat we'll see
what embarrassing things I can put him
in there's his named BJ but he wears
socks with sandals at the office so I
don't know how much worse it can get $
13.99 we'll go with this I'm an adult
but not like a real adult I think this
one is more fitting of a boomer man with
a daughter-in-law who's 23 years old old
how much is this one $7.99 it' be really
funny if we had a fedora his head's kind
of small isn't it maybe we do have to go
with a cap then we'll go with this one
it's very beige and sad pants are hard
cuz the thing is like he's so short so I
think getting shorts is like the safer
option here khaki might work like he
goes boating and fishing every once in a
while he sold his house for $3 million
even though he bought it for 150,000 it
matches
okay we're
[Music]
good you look like that could just be
your
haircut
yes I did it I mean same with you I just
look like I got you mentioned it I think
you said it well I just look older and
like I had some bad decisions what do
you mean great
decisions now look here young man my God
he looks way different than I do you
don't look that different you look older
we're we're hoping a a hat is going to
be a big part of the sale I haven't I
have not seen myself yet be fair you
look older as well oh my God you just
look a lot
older I feel like you've maybe got a bit
of Advantage here cuz people will be
like nice to the old grandpa trying to
buy a computer for probably what I'm
assuming you're going to say is you're
like young gosh I never thought of that
oh you just gave him advice no trust me
he was going to do it anyways I'm buy a
PC for my grandson yes yeah have you
seen the neck one yet oh not bad
actually I like that yeah it's good you
should get neck tattoos no you know you
can have hats from here right oh a
pirate hook what Elijah whose team are
you on you could also just wear a
freaking
helmet you know what that sells the look
a lot that I'm going to leave and get in
my
car no you want to go with like the
Canadian flag the Canadian flag is
really good this hat is definitely too
small for me I think it was a
child-sized
hat you know
what your laugh is so distinctive though
I got to not laugh found any good deals
yeah actually I didn't nice I got no
good deals nice all right see you later
see
you hi hi there honey give me a
kiss wow that's actually like very
realistic not bad huh no it's pretty bad
how's it going I mean how's it going
young whipper snappers my goodness you
young people it's inspiring seeing y all
working so hard in here the visual
change is actually people won't
recognize you I think I've seen the
other team and they look very much like
the other
team look at that Callin
speechless
dad well you have a hat but I bought you
a dad hat which also might work we got
to go basically like immediately so I'm
just going to thr this is a shirt it
still had the tag on it doesn't really
matter what it says because I grabbed
you a
sweater I grabbed you a sweater okay
maybe we'll throw the sweater on and
then I grabbed you like khaki shorts cuz
I wasn't I didn't want to buy long pants
and have them be too long because okay
you know so good luck go I made sure
that they didn't have weird stains or
holes on them so thanks we are headed to
Valu vage or Value Village to try to get
the rest of my costume like the clothing
portions of my costume Elijah is off to
go pick up the desk and potentially
other things from some Warehouse I'm
hoping he can come out with a desk and a
chair now my eyes ain't what they used
to be I I think we're I think we're
going to turn right up there is that
right all right what's this accent hold
on hold on let me let me try again you
should have gotten uh coaching from
Gary I don't think any of these beat the
Canada hat and I close enough to the
steering wheel oh am I in the lane right
now yeah is it actually work yes we just
get this and then I can check what shirt
I have in the car and just go nice yeah
well this is it yeah first deal am I
going to pass I hope so if you just like
look down maybe hopefully he's taller
than you
so that's rich coming from
you uh am I going to get away with this
the voice you have to change the voice
[Music]
sorry
H um so we're yeah we're here to pick up
the
PC yeah you can come in oh than thank
you very much um yeah it's upstairs it's
there just like photos I'll log in you
guys can take a look around make sure it
works okay thank you great I'm going to
have to take most of those drives out
okay yeah no problem should be good to
go thank you very much we can just wait
outside if that works for you I'll just
wait
here hello
hi no problem take your time you seem
pretty good with those
machines uh yeah I've had a bit of
practice here and there how do you find
this that's a cool screwdriver yeah it
is pretty nice I actually use it today
to change an oil filter on my car oh oh
where'd you get it uh from a guy called
L hi mango your name is mango right
sorry he's a door too salesman or no
just online YouTube guy actually kind
looks like
you but yeah I there four more do you
have the
cash thank you so 1 2 3 400 thank you
very much one question for you when did
you figure out who we were um I saw your
car in the background unfortunately and
it's a very distinct rap but the deal
was not affected by real okay didn't
really know until you guys come out here
and saw the car okay tell me would you
be able to tell I think the eyes are
kind of a dead
giveaway that's my makeup artist right
there we we hired a a professional from
the industry to come in and uh that's
the shtick this season it's a nice
screwdriver you got there yeah it's been
pretty good haven't lost anything hope
thankfully that's okay there's bits
available from from where from LT LT
store.com that's right you better
believe it you know what's funny we were
like we saw the screwdriver he brought
it out in the Box I was like M yeah
how's the screwdriver that looks cool
and then he was like yeah it kind of
looks like you I was like we got busted
you know what as long as it doesn't
affect the deal then it's legal yo
that's pretty good do you want to know
the best part they were literally across
the street from the labs building what
I've literally got in the truck and just
went boom and they were like oh you're
from lonus right I'm like yep it's free
though cuz we already agreed to free
beforehand the deal was already made the
deal was made I don't want us to be
cheating but yeah there's a little bit
of sus stuff there's soundproofing on
the underneath of it and there's a bunch
of like white splatters we can clean it
yeah oh yeah yeah yeah no black lights
one of the guys agreed to $500 for 3080
that leaves us with
$194 there's a decent amount of systems
available at around that price usually
i5s i7s around like 7th eth gen power
supply is going to be our issue some of
these Brands I've never heard of so that
does sketch me a little bit if they're
like 7 years old throwing a 3080 on it
might be a
little oof because of the big spikes
right it does but if we have three of
them it's redundancy each P power
connector is a different power
supply would that be three power
supplies and then one for the
motherboard one for the drive so we end
up buying like five power
supplies we go get a power bar and it's
just part of the build you you have to
have this power bar he's going to look
at the computer at the end he's be like
why are there five power cables coming
off of
this I just don't I don't know if it
works everyone is saying don't do it in
forums but nobody's saying you can't do
it the one we're getting recommends a
750 watt yeah but for a system with one
in it like how much power draw is just
as 3080 taking uh 320 watt according to
Zotac site so we could get away with
like a 400 watt you can't no way why no
no I'm just saying just a 400 just for
the GPU yeah yeah yeah yeah this we're
we are fairly committed to multiple
power supp we also need to be ready to
kill our babies and move on from this
idea Tom am I allowed to drink it's hard
though um just move got it all right
should we have a look at what we scored
okay yeah cuz I never got a close look
at it cuz I was pretending to not know
what's going on confused okay we're just
going to pull over right here so we have
a full system basically without storage
right six core processor 16 gigs Ram
this GPU is going to go cuz we bought
that one on jaob already so what that
means is Sammy we need to start creating
listings for any of this stuff that we
are not going to keep okay like now cuz
we got to sell this stuff I didn't tell
you this but I'm $80 over
budget right now okay the good good news
is the total stuff that we're buying for
$780 right is about
$1,150 worth of stuff okay however we're
probably going to have to sell it soon
so we have to undercut ourselves and so
we have to sell it for less than 1,00
bucks
[Applause]
yeah how do you want to do division of
labor here uh you take it out and I can
make the listing with pretty okay you
might have to dilate that a little so do
you want to grab pictures then yep uh
the ram we're keeping I don't think we
can afford this cooler the other system
has a stock cooler so we're going to use
that instead do do you do you so me do
you you you got this she's got this I
just want to get these listings up as
soon as possible because coming in under
budget at all is reliant on us selling
at least some of it oh God this is
definitely dirtier than I initially
realized no judgment though no judgment
okay are you ready to take the next
picture yeah okay do you want to grab
this oh my God a snake kidding
kidding okay so this GPU is going to go
let's get the back panel off here you
have Man Hands can you hold this yeah
should oh you know what we should do
though we should clean the goop off the
bottom make it look shinier oh no don't
touch that it'll get all over your hands
forever should we post it right away or
can we wait until I clean it up and make
it look nicer no no we're going to clean
it up right now we got this don't even
trip
okay sorry yep technically legal what
we're doing a little weird but legal
weird yes there's also dust on the
outside I'm working on
it any luck is it working no you're
breathing it all in next time you drink
water it'll taste like dirt so let's put
that on the dirty side okay she kind of
cleans up pretty decent here yep oh I
guess I'll probably write the posts or
you know what I can help you wait do you
get carick no nice so I can dictate when
we're in the car and you can post okay
we got this hey wo wo wo we ended up
with the hard drive that I wasn't
expecting oh uh I told them we'd give it
back to him if we found any storage oh
for crying out loud it's the biggest one
bloody hell Daniel that was his name
right yep this power supply we're
keeping so there's no point extracting
all of this yet but the case is going to
go I think I have enough photos I think
this the photo is like on the Porsche
logo yeah but then if if we try to get a
better price they'll be like you don't
need that money yeah that and if Luke
sees it he no it's us yeah we can bait
Luke and then ghost him that's the best
it's not actually about saving money
first I'm going to clean this CPU this
CPU is going to go we've got another one
that's almost exactly the same it
actually boosts a little lower but it's
a weirdo
4500 that most people don't seem to have
heard of so they're going for a lot less
so I'd rather take the small performance
hit and get the most money back possible
this CPU is one of the most liquid
things we have it should be really easy
to move okay do you feel ridiculous yet
yes good that means you're doing it
right hold on we might want to do this
but this would be the sketchiest
possible they have LT Edition knock to a
fans it would be very hard for them to
not recognize us Duke and was was it the
young Mike or
whatever what is it what is it AMD ryzen
54500 oh it's only a 430 W power supply
do you think if we say hey no hard drive
no Quadro no power supply maybe in a
case no case
I mean you could go for it just be like
125 bucks posted 18 days ago that's a
long time ago why isn't it selling
that's one stick of
memory maybe that's why people aren't
buying it but like maybe the guy's
willing to take the ram out too like hey
brother we really just need the
motherboard and
CPU everything else can go away honestly
we don't need the
GPU hello we're back you forgot your
hard drive yeah I was looking for it in
there and I couldn't find it it was in
hard drive sled you don't happen to have
the mounting hardware for that CPU
Cooler for like other sockets oh I do
and since I'm add it the motherboard box
as well do you have the motherboard
accessories I have both of those all
right success awesome see you later have
a good one man that worked out great oh
look at that we've got thermal compound
and everything we appear to have the
full complement of mounting hardware for
our cooler let's take a photo of our
combo
okay oh my God okay we still got to get
the case just going to do a quick wipe
down don't worry we got this it'll be
worth it when we see Luke's crying face
at the end he'll cry real tears
interesting take on a friendship look if
you can't Delight in the tears of your
friends then you know really what is
there in life a lot of other things like
food but imagine if you could season
your food with Luke's tears this is the
best place to do this there is no better
method also the fact that lonus had his
LTT keychain out oh yeah that did did
not help do we have everything we need
oh son of a
gun
Daniel I feel bad but I really need the
modular cables from this power supply
hello we're sorry thank you very much
thank you so much sorry to be a pain in
the butt I promise not to knock on your
door again I'll ring the bell okay it's
older but it has more cores and more
threads it's a ryzen 7700 so it's first
gen ryzen that's pretty good but it
comes with the motherboard 16 gigs of
RAM 750 W power supply that's amazing no
G nor storage that's fine 170 that's
amazing it's a it's 3.7 GHz turbo at 8
cores 16 threads do you think they're
going to have eight cores they'll
probably beat us on CPU I don't feel
like they're going to they might I don't
feel like they're going to get a 3080
this was listed 4 days ago and he says
he's unable to test it unfortunately but
like 170 and that gives us the rest of
the system cuz it's 16 gigs of RGB Ram
bro it's good I don't think it's
necessarily the best thing we could
possibly find this other system that I
found where we'd have to like hopefully
get him to take some things out of it
like the quadro and stuff which is way
less likely would be better but it's
less likely this one sounds pretty
realistic like even if he didn't take a
deal with us yeah it works cuz it's the
whole it's still in our budget too so we
should start moving on that this guy's
in kitum do you want me to lowball them
or do you want me to say hey before I
lowball I always open with is this
available I can pick it up either or
tomorrow yeah basically be like I'm
committed I can come to you and get it
I'm not I'm not one of those people
asking for delivery and I have I can
give you now our success hinges on
selling some of the components that we'
bought cuz we've got a lot of duplicates
in our first two deals so Sammy is
working on getting all of our posts up
on Facebook marketplace right now we're
going to land back at the office and
she's going to have about half an hour
more overlapping with me where we can
kind of plan out the rest of her night
and then she gets another 3 hours so
she's going to go pick up our next deal
pretty much right away when we get back
and then dude I have no idea beyond that
Sammy We're going to have to figure that
out yeah oh you can monitor if people
want to buy our stuff the guy on the
13080 wants to pick it up after 6 p.m.
tomorrow which doesn't work we were
supposed to deliver the systems to Labs
at 600 p.m. can we get it after 6 p.m.
today that is then for sure locking Us
in to this and we're like we're we're in
deep brother that means tomorrow is
going to yeah but we we would have some
time to find another system before then
sure okay can I pick it up today okay uh
title course s carbide
275r computer case I would go gaming
case or yeah oh yeah PC or computers
probably there search right yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah so gaming PC computer
case yep let's go full SEO baby let's go
the dude wants you to pick up the 380 at
6:15 p.m. today yeah that's fine I can
do it are we committing to it are we
committing to at 3080 oh man I think
this decision is going to make a break
if we win gra your Wars right now yeah
hi I have other people offering full
price can you do 200 an hour ago oh my
second deal backed off on the $20
discount I suspect the other person
offering full price is Luke it's a
really really good deal I'm a little
surprised he found it though but at this
point I'd rather pay the extra 20 bucks
knowing that I'll just have to sell a
little bit more and know that he's not
getting that deal it's a really good
deal okay we got to focus in pretty hard
on finding a system because right now we
actually have no leads that have
responded this guy selling a ryzen 5
3600 for 65 bucks but just the CPU so
it's like we need to find you can find
the rest of the platform let's go I
found a motherboard for 120 which would
put us at 185 so we need $10 for Ram and
power supply like maybe if I talk them
down we'll get lucky but the guy who
listed the CPU listed it 4 minutes ago
message him try to talk him down it's
worth it's worth we don't have anything
right now we got to chase everything we
possibly we can we got an uh hit on our
listing which one which one on the CPU
they're friends with 18 people including
your wife on Facebook wait it's l Duke
Maro yeah it's Luke what a piece of nice
try Luke yeah got him oh okay I messaged
the CPU guy and I said hey I have cash
and can pick up tomorrow he just
responded with nice try Luke wait but
now he knows it's us oh yeah maybe we
shouldn't have said that his name is
John who is this guy wait John stuck
isn't that lonus isn't that lonus his
name he saw it unlucky we should have
wasted his time oh that sucks I thought
we had a real bite how is I wonder if he
doesn't even have it yet and he's like
pre-listing it hi John buyer name would
you take 40 cash for this for the CPU 40
bucks I can reply with 55 what did we
list it for uh 65 do you want to check
what the other listings for the 3600 are
on Facebook Marketplace cuz I think
we're already the lowest other people
are listing it for 60 let's offer him 50
we can do 50 yeah well don't say we
oh oh what is check Facebook Messenger
check Facebook Messenger which one which
one which one check Facebook Messenger
holy sh
dude we're back in it brother let's go
okay so that was the guy who had the
rise
7700 and a 750 W power supply and 16
gigs of RAM for 170 bucks for 170 bucks
meaning we will have 25 bucks as wiggle
room to do like Mouse dude a 1700 is so
good I think it's good it's a little old
got another bite on the Corsair case I
thought the case was going to be hard to
sell you must have taken great photos
Sammy yes maybe the Duke should have
chosen to be a king then he would have a
crown are you going to be Felding
messages all night selling this stuff
cuz like I can't believe how active
these posts are it's it can't be real I
can reply to multiple people at the same
time got that Zoomer energy love it do
you just sell CPU GPU and case or do you
have motherboard too yeah I got a
motherboard we have a motherboard too no
we sorry I can more or less guarantee
you they'll have a better processor are
they going to have a better GPU I mean
they do have a better processor right
now they have 3600 and they're selling
it them a processor has me pretty
concerned all right well well hold on so
what all is he interested in can we add
it up because it occurred to me with how
we're kind of pricing things according
to how it is on Facebook and then like
discounting a bit I don't actually know
for sure that we're making money like I
haven't checked you know this listing is
being reviewed someone like report it
did Luke report it that would be quite
the I'm worried they're going to make
the benchmarks like super lame like
really heavy like storage and CPU based
which like no one will ever do or use or
care about you guys in the comments can
show how upset you are you would want a
3080 right right right wait we may not
have actually uh-oh this may not be
smart maybe that's why so many people
are messaging us though maybe our
pricing is a little bit uh too low
little stressed this may have just been
an exercise in doing the math swapping
cash back for cash okay we'll be fine
though we'll be fine let's get the 1,700
that power supply alone is for our whole
system let's just send it you want to
pick that up tonight if possible yeah so
like 615 is the the GPU where was the
GPU did the guy get back to you I don't
know oh he hasn't responded after you
sent that 20 minutes ago do you think
he's faking selling stuff he he just
read it right now I watched him I saw
should I just ask him if he wants me to
pick it up now I say I got off work
early I Pi it up now okay so I need to
do that yeah I got off work early I can
go pick it up now I'm doing a lot of
driving I'm driving all the way to
Richmond to pick up a 3080 I'm then
driving all the way to quam to pick up
that uh ryzen 7 system I need to go ask
ACC counting to break this into 20s cuz
I don't really want to show up and be
like do you have 30 yo brother I got
Hondos
yeah day two starting I got the GPU
yesterday and I got the full tower the
guy did recognize me which was fun the
haircut didn't work you were still okay
with 170 though that's what you agreed
on so I'm not using my influ fluence to
get a deal dude I can't believe Tech
tips I never thought this day would come
and we bought it for literally what he
listed it at yeah cuz we suck at
bargaining we haven't tested it yet
we're going to test the GPU in the
computer make sure it works we have $25
left we still need to get keyboard mouse
mouse pad and chair we really need to
verify the TPU works yeah how did it go
the seller from Craigslist they haven't
responded so I tried texting them again
hopefully they'll reply they're not
replying to me and I text so I went and
I sat in his Lobby and kept emailing him
hi I'm here and then eventually I picked
it up we have it right here I didn't get
to like plug it in cuz we were in a
Lobby otherwise I sat there and I hit
refresh until 9:00 p.m. all night to see
if we got more messages we didn't really
get many so I'm a little worried about
selling right now we need to buy more
stuff before we can even sell anything
though we don't even have storage oh so
we're going to pick up storage at around
11 20 and we're going to pick up a
keyboard at 11 we still need a mouse and
monitor and a desk and a chair a desk
desks are free you just have to find one
where the person is available so here's
our 380 it's quite dusty but the guy
told me he like just pulled it out of
his computer to go do the sale so I'm
hoping that's accurate oh crap is it
long
enough okay it's a snug fit but it does
fit in the computer case that I'm not
worried about we can always make things
fit the power supply that it comes with
I open it up it's 7 50 bronze from
thermal take we're pushing the limits
here on like if this GPU is going to be
fine didn't even realize we bought such
new hardware still has the plastic peel
on look at that brand new case basically
Andy would be disappointed I peeled it
but you know what that's fine all right
let's power it
on
oh okay switch was off let's power it on
it kicked off a lot of
[Music]
dust do you hear that I do that fan does
not sound healthy I think it's this
front one hey there you go there it is
ryzen 7700 8 core processor got our 16
gigs of RAM so our memory 2133 not the
fastest definitely not the fastest
that's pretty slow but you know what we
have
38 I found us a desk it's a solid wood
desk oh that guy lies that's not solid
wood oh saw that one those are MDF desks
you know what at this point I uh think
we might just have to go with it though
can you throw in a chair yes but they
are old that is okay I mean we might as
well if we don't want it we can find
another one so I need to go get that
keyboard like now I should be done very
shortly it's 40 minutes away that's gone
up since I looked it up I can message
them okay I don't think we'll make it in
time for the SSD Linus I may lose this
one but damn it I'm going look good
doing it he said 1110 is a late he can
do got okay we got to go then I'm coming
okay now oh God we need to get these
products listed can I take apart a
computer in the back seat I guess we're
doing that hey look at that this Nas
build has one of those old LTT Edition
and ff12 fans oh hello good good how are
you good um I talked with my boss so are
you available tomorrow by chat ooh
unfortunately no it would have to be
today that's the tech shop that we
called yesterday calling back I wor that
this place is going to know my voice
though cuz I've definitely called what
was your name L uh Duke Duke I think it
should be fine okay awesome thanks sorry
for sorry for being difficult here don't
be sorry 11:30 this morning okay great
okay so we might have some pretty major
curve balls cuz that's the shop and they
could potentially have a keyboard mouse
yes for us which would save us the 10
bucks some audio thing probably not but
they would also probably have ddr4 Ram
so if we really want to we could look at
the speed and go to 32 gigs or we could
faster memory might also be a
possibility for a platform swap yeah
this could like dramatically change
things according to this board it says
it has an mvme slot I don't see it
though so I don't know if it's on the
back or under the GPU so I'm going to
pull this back out and take a quick look
oh yeah there it is okay cool I also am
going to take out the ram I want to see
what speed we have on this just so when
we go look there maybe they have faster
or if they have similar we could
potentially go from 16 to 32 or
something a lot up in the air right now
so I took the ram out it actually does
support up to 3200 so we could just
enable XMP and hopefully get that full
performance much better than 2133 or
whatever it was how are the listings
going I might have a buyer for a bunch
of stuff this pal guy might want Ram CPU
case mobo and GPU okay he's making me
kind of a low offer but um we are over
budget right now and we need some money
we just need the SSD we need a monitor
monitor that's the thing literally doing
the makeup on the way there this is
quite funny I love this all right little
bit of balancing all right banking right
nice okay nice okay well we're here all
right I misspelled outside three times
okay well that's never better how do I
look great never
better hi for the keyboard um I don't
have cash on me can i e transfer you at
all okay so it was $10 right and can I
take a look at the C word thank you do
you want to try it out do you think I'll
like this one they have the
WD
gamer okay thank you okay it's good okay
thank you uh let me know if you get it
or it should be sent sounds good yeah
thank you very much have a good day okay
thank
you I don't know he glanced at me a
couple times but I'm uh not sure if he
suspected anything uh I need the address
for the second place oh yeah for sure um
sorry yeah for sure and can you let them
know that we're on our way we'll be
there around
11:25 hi this is Duke uh I'm on the road
now the current ETA is 11:40 does that
still work uh yeah sure I'll let them
know you'll be there your name is Luke
or Duke
Duke Duke okay comes up as Luke so I was
like did I get your name wrong oh yeah
that's a weird thing with Facebook um I
actually changed my name quite a few
years back but Facebook sometimes just
doesn't it sends the old one I don't
know okay yeah I'll let them know so you
said you're going to be there 11:40 okay
sounds good I never messaged him on
Facebook that's caller ID yep yeah yeah
I I was like no well we'll see how this
goes we're good yeah I'm just going to
powder it man buddy here wants
$250 for ryzen 3600 with cooler and
motherboard and the Corsair case and 8
gigs of RAM and the 1660 super and the
cx430 power supply that pretty much
leaves us with only like kind of
worthless stuff that's basically all we
can sell that puts us back in the green
though how much in the green by like 80
90 bucks I'm going to do 250 with the
cougar case I'm going to say final offer
so we keep the nice case from Daniel y
it'd be nice to be able to move all of
this to one person we don't have like a
week to dick around selling to half a
dozen different people where the hell is
dunar Community Center he wants us to go
all the way out to Vancouver that is in
the middle of nowhere I don't live in
Dunbar should I offer to come all the
way to Dunbar for an extra 10 bucks 10
15 15 I'm being a fair guy I'm a fair
guy oh man we are bang on time for this
guy let's go what is this
for okay hello hello hi nice to meet you
yes this is John all right hi yes can I
get you to put in your e transfer no
cash only oh oh we have a
I have a change oh okay perfect so Jo I
did test and sent you the uh the
screenshot of the test you see on the
messenger yeah yeah okay thank you very
much do you want to give him the cash
yeah 80 bucks yes yes that's thank you
I'm kind of in a rush too oh no worries
thank you very much thank you have a
great day than you okay thank you I'll
walk slower for you hi young lady I
um I don't think I got mated either of
the last two no no huh was like a little
sus cuz he like smiled a bit too much
yeah I think he was I think he was just
friendly hey Tom hey Tom right there
buddy all right Rock On's all right
bye-bye let me find out if this pal guy
if we got a deal with him have we
confirmed a time with the desk guy uh he
said anytime before 5 hell yeah that's
super flexible okay that helps a lot
where's he at uh somewhere in Su okay
beautiful beautiful oh you know what we
might pull this off all right so we are
almost at the computer shop I am getting
progressively more worried that they're
going to recognize me but I will be
going in with Lindsay uh who is my
sister yes okay yeah second Sister We're
yeah and we're building a computer for
our other sister's son our nephew Ryan
Yes uh who is seven here's the whole I
got to add in the the Hat this is the
full
Ensemble um which is not a word I will
be saying while we're inside a biker
would never say that word no I don't
think so yeah well get up this is a get
up yeah this pal offered $10 fee and
meet in the afternoon I think we might
have to take it I guess if that's the
best we got that's the best we got and
ruthless he's getting a great deal the
good news is his deal wasn't as good as
mine so I'm still out ahead let's go one
thing I will tell you about pal is he is
not getting these knock to a fans I'm
going to swap them out for the fans that
are in that other system I got five
knock to a fans in here he's getting
zero of them oh my God see I was afraid
of this our mass storage Mi is going to
be a a mobile 2 and 1/2 in hard drive
look look at the little thing hello we
are here um I've got to leave you guys
behind now but we're going to we're
going to go in there and try to get her
done which is something he would say all
right so keyboard mouse deskpad speakers
speakers chair if they have a chair uh
you could get a second power supply just
in case y if there's Ram that's like
similar speed or slow like slightly
slower but we can get more of it that
might also be
yeah yeah okay and then platform swap if
I don't know they're recycling 11th gens
or something like you don't think
they'll have an AMD they never we never
dealt with AMD when we built the systems
unless they're recycling someone else's
computer that is AMD all right let me
try to hide the mics real quick yeah
make sure mics are hidden I'm like so
nervous I don't know why I'm not even
going in there and I'm I'm the nervous
one I'm wearing a wire
dude I think I'm just going to have one
wire coming down but I honestly don't
think they're going to notice it I think
him going in with Lindsay is actually
going to help a ton too okay cool see
you guys in a bit you ready yeah we'll
make it work yeah or we won't it'll be
funny either way my name is still
Lindsay right yeah yeah yeah yeah uh
we're trying to make a computer for our
nephew Ryan right now we're mostly
looking for a keyboard a mouse maybe a
power supply if there's one of those
sorry I'm not 100% up on the terminology
but the main parts I'm hoping that this
SK is working ayzen system ryzen 1700
yeah let me see what this one is right
underne
here would you mind if I ripped that one
out would that be okay also some Ram
maybe but it would need to be ddr4 which
I think that might be three yeah some
power supplies here all these are going
to be 350 I don't have a screwdriver
with me here um do you have one with you
or I we can go upstairs and grab one
from there too okay we've got another
youth shelf upstairs with stuff I'll see
if there there cool thank you very much
okay they literally just like walked
right in front of the car I know this
guy knows me I used to come here and get
free Tech all the time so it's going to
be a little
sus unfortunately the the platform we
currently have is ddr4 but I appreciate
the the
look oh nice okay awesome it was Box
about this size and it just had a whole
bunch of strap that's okay I appreciate
it power supply and the mouse will will
come in handy good luck finding the rest
of the pieces thank you now that this is
concluded I will say I noticed the LT
screwdriver did you recognize me at all
I do yeah might be a little easier
without the glasses without the glasses
and the uh beard and the tattoos and
stuff when we were about to leave he
gave me a few looks that were like a
little longer than they probably
normally would have been and I could
tell he was like trying to pierce the
glasses a little bit and then we went
inside and he handed me the LTD
screwdriver and I was like well all
right and I was like okay from here on
if he offers anything like crazy then we
I'm going to have to say no but we got
an old Power Man 350 W power supply I
think this is like an IBM Thinkpad Mouse
so all we need now technically is a a
keyboard audio solution and a chair
audio this mouse sucks we're probably
still going to want to buy that combo
set and we don't need the audio today is
that right I guess technically not we
could get the audio tomorrow so we're
doing okay actually so I think we should
head back and try to get this computer
going all right I'm adjusting Lanes oh
my God done woohoo hey there we go oh
just uh you know part of the life uh
have to have a constant makeup person
what's up brother here's the rundown our
GPU arrived from java which means
combined with storage we have everything
to put together our final computer we've
got the deal to sell most of our
leftovers but it's way in Vancouver
super far away and the deal sucks the
pal whole offered $10 fee and meet in
the afternoon I think we might have to
take it I guess if that's the best we
got that's the best we got with all that
said priority number one is to get this
damn sweater off I'm like dying right
now it's so
warm okay let's get a system built have
you ever built a computer before yes
okay good build a computer go no kidding
I'll help okay let's do this thing I
have a gift for you oh these Jaa special
edition screwdrivers get rid of this one
this one's gone look at these beauti
colors from our sponsor Jaa well I mean
it's from us isn't it yeah we made it
but we wouldn't have made it without
their
colors thanks jwa we're actually going
to be giving some of these away on Flo
playe at the end of this and Jaa is also
going to be giving some away so go to
check them out online I'm taking all of
the wao thanks Daniel and then let's get
all these cheap fans out of here and
then we're going to replace them with
the noock twiz that are in the other
case oh yeah that's something you can do
Sammy do I also get a Jawa Edition
screwdriver for now thank you wow lots
of nocta fans oh yeah no Samy's got more
what yeah more fans oh I found us some
speakers Sammy check out these speakers
yo 20 bucks you smell like glue well
you smell like we're about to get a good
deal 20 bucks that's good thank you
speaker guy 6
p.m. sorry you're doing great Sammy how
is the selling going I don't think
anyone else has messaged so when are we
supposed to meet pal I haven't confirmed
yet but this afternoon oh my God it's
afternoon we do not want to get stuck in
rush hour traffic today no I know it
doesn't really matter but pal is not
getting these noct a fans we want the
noct a fans question for you Ln are you
doing Windows 10 or 11 well unlike some
people I'm compatible with Windows 11
what do you know about the other system
I know that I'm compatible with Windows
11 and they're asking about Windows 10
so I say we're on Windows 11 I don't
know how to scoot this fan in it's
really tight okay there you go I don't
want to break anything no no you're good
if you break it just remember this guy's
oh okay one thing I'm concerned
about is we bargained with no one we
tried with the gpus and they both just
like no and those were a lot cheaper
than the rest of the market we probably
should have tried to bargain with 170
guy for the system but once he
recognized you I couldn't bargain
anymore and it wasn't worth not getting
it at that point cuz we needed something
we're we're going to lose CPU stuff we
will I I guarantee you they'll have a
better CPU lus is going to take a more
rounded approach I bet you his setup is
going to be nicer in general I bet you
he's going to have a better CPU and then
we're going to come in with the like the
club with nails driven through it of a
3080 you're like what's up you want to
go big update we've got a new buyer
he's willing to take the stock cooler
instead of the hyper 22 but he wants the
better motherboard but he's way closer
and I talked him into taking the cougar
yeah let's
go so let's uh get this board out of
here because we're no longer using it
okay and we got to get the CPU swapped
and we got to get out of here and I got
to put my beard back on when are we
meeting him uh we're meeting him before
2:30 as soon as I told that I had
another offer he's like well what's the
deal oh all of a sudden he wants to
negotiate you know what you pal in all
fairness I respect the hustle I do
respect the hustle I respect what we did
to other people in previous shows and
this one messages me he's like bro I
swear nobody keeps their word these days
whatever man enjoy and I'm like if he
backs out I'll let you know he goes he
ain't oh so now knows what a good deal
it is f you pal one more this cooler is
going with this board this CPU comes out
though so that's our 4500 and then our
3600 is going to go in here you could
throw like a tiny bit more goop on there
but the goop that's on there is probably
fine you know what here here goop
transplant oh yeah should we take a
photo of it before you put it on no he
he wants to boot it up while we're there
he wants to see it post which makes
sense so what I was thinking was oh
that's a lot whatever so what I was
thinking was we will just build it can
we try to post it before we leave yeah
do we have another Ram stick he gets one
ram stick oh he gets one ram stick why
am I you're building his system oh I see
uh these fans um you can just basically
find anywhere that looks like that and
just kind of plug them in uh who is I
don't think we're going to do Cable
Management on this bad boy nice got it
perfect thank you hard dri is in
everything's in the reason I want to see
this post before we go is that if for
whatever reason this system does not
work now is the time for us to tell hey
look sorry uh we can't spare the
motherboard or whatever you know this is
mostly Daniel's system anyway we've got
his Ram his cooler his motherboard it's
just the CPU from the weird Craigslist
guy all right okay all my fans spin
that's a good sign GPU fan spin thank
you Jawa show me an output anytime buddy
it's okay sometimes it takes a minute or
two no HDMI signal from your device
going into standby mode I wonder if it
needs a bios update well we're going to
have to gamble we've got to go meet the
guy let's make sure that this one posts
Now's the Time oh there we go uh let's
power it off here's what we're going to
do Sammy we are going to do the world's
fastest bios update I need that CPU this
CPU the one that's in there so here's
what I want to see I want to see this
motherboard post with a definitely
compatible
CPU all right not stressed not stressed
it's still not posting no it's stuck on
CPU are you kidding me oh no no no no no
this is bad did we plug it into the G
power supply correctly yeah come on come
on come
on oh I think it's doting stuff it's
doing stuff oh thank God okay okay I am
sweating absolute buckets right now and
Flash come on come on come on come on no
no this is fine everything's fine what
time is it at 5 to 2 we're still going
to be okay but we have to go like now
hey here we go yeah so the BIOS on this
board is from 2020 so that's why it
wasn't posting with this 40,000 series
chip just hadn't had support added for
it yet this is good let's take a moment
and talk about one of the great features
of Jaba if you want to skip the hassle
of listing your GPU for sale on a
Marketplace you can sell it directly to
Jaba to help offset the cost of your
upgrade hilariously after all the
negotiations with the guy that we're
selling this one to we actually would
have gotten a very similar offer from
Jawa so we could have just saved the
trouble check out
ja. and you can also participate in the
giveaways that they have lined up for
scrapyard Wars thanks for sponsoring
this serious Jawa what's R ta Sammy uh
17 minutes plus whatever a few minutes
so it should be 20 hell yeah here it is
I need to see it post with this chip
this is it this is where we find out if
it posts with the 4500 I mean the
compatibility list says yes
theoretically it's
fine yes okay let's go the t-shirt's not
great literally says LT on it or he just
doesn't know who we are this is it hi
fur the PC I'm just going to go into
task manager and
yeah I just plug in my mouse oh yeah no
storage right no so it's not going to
boot into task manager it'll just be the
BIOS but it posts yeah yeah it looks
good to me sounds good okay thank okay
thank you very much have a good day
thank you have a good day uh young man
do you uh do you know lonus Tech tips
yeah oh really would you recognize them
if you saw him wait oh
away do you want to be in the video are
you serious yeah wait really hi
bye I always thought if I saw you know I
see you see them in the video not
recognizing like oh if I saw them I
would know now I
don't we got
him I didn't it's fake dude I'm not this
old B what are you trying to say right
now that went about as well as it could
have possibly gone Tom you missed it but
this was someone who regularly watches
the channel watches the podcast
literally knew we were doing scrapyard
Wars right now he's like I hope and
still didn't make me very good good work
man so what's our next stop to pick up
the desk right we need the truck we
going we're going back yeah we got to go
back we'll pick up a chair and lunch and
then come back and then at 400 p.m. it
sounds like we're going to pick up the
keyboard mouse keyboard mouse mouse pad
okay while Luke is out getting some more
stuff I was taking this to the shop to
give it a dust and holy crap I am glad I
did this is nasty and a fire hazard oh
my God okay so we got the chair it's in
the back we strapped it down I don't
know how excited they were to see Duke
they said nothing zero words when I got
to the door I picked it up said thanks
still no response left nothing but hey
we got a chair there we go a little bit
better there's still a tiny bit of dust
in there but I don't want to take the
air compressor too hard cuz it'll spin
that fan this is more than clean for
kind of this top down look here and even
just from the back so I think we're
going to be good there we made a
decision really early on because we were
trying to get things shipped on time
from java where we were going to get a
standard SATA SSD because we weren't
sure what platform we were going to end
up with and if it was even going to have
an m.2 slot or whatever else but that's
not like a normal problem that you would
have if you were doing this we're
actually upgrading because we found that
the best SSD option that we could find
was an m.2 off of java anyways luckily
we've we've been able to do a bit of a
swap there we found this Patriot p300 on
Jaa which was great we unfortunately
can't get it in time to Canada but
that's okay the judges deemed that this
Intel 660p is more than equivalent
enough for us to install in our system
that way we'd actually have a system to
turn in today thankfully I think that
SSD might actually like save us saved
one of our benchmarks I I still don't
think we're necessarily going to win
that one they might have a better
platform they have a better one with
like more cash or or or something we'll
still lose almost certainly all the
other CPU bound benchmarks but hopefully
we crush the GPU once enough and I hope
they let us put R tracing on cuz if they
let us put ra tracing on we will destroy
certainly whatever they have
100 are you nervous you look nervous no
I'm not nervous you look super nervous
it's ddr4 right yeah you know if it
doesn't work we can just plant some like
thermite in there and when they go to
start Benchmark we just light it all on
fire be like whoops as part of our
promoting things that are available on
LTT store.com each team got one of our
PTM 7950 phase change thermal pads these
are a great thermal pad material from
Honeywell that performs really really
well super easy to apply you don't have
to deal with any kind of liquid metal
type nonsense it's non-conductive and
we're going to use that to get really
great temps on our CPU but I'm also
considering maybe putting it on the GPU
is it worth it to tear the cooler off
this thing what's our budget so we got
130 bucks monitor mouse mouse pad desk
chair and everything else this is so
doable I messaged someone with a
Logitech mouse earlier did I hear P oh
he's available from 4:30 to 5:30 how
much is this guy 15 bucks for a Hyperion
402 maybe ask Buddy if he has a mouse
pad can you well he's only available
from 4:30 so we need to go pick up the
desk okay first and then we will go to
Mouse guy well 15 bucks for a mouse pad
or for a mouse right I was going to tell
you I wouldn't normally bother to
repaste a GPU this new it's probably
fine but knowing that the judges are
going to be looking at temperatures I'm
going to repaste this thing Ben Q 144 HZ
he's willing to take 70 24in monitor
comes with DVI cable and power cord DVI
cable might be a bit loose but that
monitor might be uh DVI only for high
refresh rate as well it's discontinued
uh specs DP 1.2 let's just do it I can
stop looking at DP to DVI adapters but
we have to pick up the the desk first if
we want to leave we have to leave
basically now grabbing the other end of
this for
me how bad is it it's fine nothing
nothing broke okay that was fun pencil's
downtime today right for the computer
hoping for 5 no no you'll have the
computer before oh yeah yeah that's fine
six is fine I'll have the computer for
you before we go out again yeah ideally
you and Luke will go together to hand
the computer's off we have like four
stops to make in the next couple hours
here we need to go now but but Windows
update okay Windows update this guy's
down for another $5 thank you so much
negotiator nice you the best period it's
possible this hard drive does not work
Sammy you dropped it hey sorry yeah it's
definitely not detected I know that much
I mean we don't need it I don't think we
need it as long as they're not
installing too large of games how much
is our SSD our SSD was 20 bucks no but
like how much store 256 oh that's fine
should be okay can you swing by and
occasionally Windows update yes I also
haven't put the latest NVIDIA drivers on
I can do that other than that she's
tuned let's go I feel like where Sammy
is really going to come into her own as
the the superior assistant is tomorrow
when we're setting everything up to be
aesthetic cuz Elijah's got a lot going
for him he's pretty techsavvy very
enthusiastic but aesthetic sense Sammy
you got him right yeah so casual all
right we are off to our last pickup of
the day we are trying to get a keyboard
mouse and mouse pad combo for 10 bucks
then that'll leave us with just an audio
setup that we need to get so we're
hoping with you know basically the
entire day of tomorrow we're going to be
able to pick up some free speakers or
something from somewhere I won't have
the makeup tomorrow hopefully whoever
wants to sell it to us won't recognize
me all right well Luke and Glenn are
still out I am going to attempt to
enable XMP we'll change that to XMP
profile one let's see if our computer
boots again now it's starting up again
which is
good oh maybe
not oh oh oh oh come on
bios okay that's good good uh memory
3200 look at that this is getting me
excited I've been very stressed just
trying to get everything installed and
working like I'm I'm confident it's
going to boot and I'm confident we're
going to be fine but it's just I'm still
nervous yeah so we're on like a 2017
bios that's not great let's update
this so we got back from the keyboard
mouse and mouse pad I think it's a win
uh I I won't show you all the stuff now
because of like dangers of driving but
ooh that doesn't sound sound that great
actually it's definitely like a cheap no
back plate look at
that kind of like knockoff mechanical
keyboard but it's a mechanical keyboard
technically and the mouse is another one
of those kind of like it looks like
maybe like a final mouse or something
like that it's not and we technically
have a mouse pad so it's okay stuff
considering we got it for 10 bucks I'm
very very happy with it Mouse guy I was
like would you go down to 10 he left me
on red I said okay no problem problem
I'll still come pick up around 5 now
just where the devil are we going Sammy
this is like a strip mall yeah it's a
business they're giving away desks and
chairs and they close at 5:00 p.m. wait
oh my God that would be
hilarious this is my realtor's office no
way what we might get an opportunity to
see if I can pass to someone who knows
me reasonably well hi um we were told to
come here for a desk to pick up let's
we'll grab the desk first okay yeah it's
pretty heavy uh does uh Ben still work
out of this office yes he does is he
here right now uh he let me watch my
hands all those put that corner right
there yep there we go so the green one's
Greener but that one's kind of better
condition yeah I think we should take
the one in better condition take this
take the gray one okay uh do you mind if
I see if Ben's around sure you can go
okay thanks so
much
okay hello yeah uh the ladies downstairs
said you were giving away some desks I
just wanted to say thank
you hey you're welcome
hello recognize me
yet he bought a house from you oh more
than just that the getup is we're
shooting a video this is one of my team
members we're filming you sorry Ben
sorry to Ambush you like that anyway
thanks for the desk oh you're welcome
all right see you later Ben oh the look
on it face it's hilarious so Ben sold us
the the lmg office he represented us
when we bought the lab yeah he sold me
and Ivon our first home no we we we go
way back with
Ben wait DVI out on the board yeah PS2
it's like first gen ryzen bro it works
okay oh okay oh you want the best part
to get the board updated to the latest
bios I had to do five bios updates cuz I
couldn't jump from the original it was
on the original actually it was on 2017
but it booted we'll see how it goes
there is one fan on the Zotac that is
off balance and so when it stops it'll
get lopsided and then when we reboot it
picks up again but I can fix it by just
like kind of giving it another go should
we just tape it so it doesn't ever spin
so here's where we can really game the
performance that Labs tests is not final
performance as long as our system is
stable when we drag RAC it it's fine the
things that Labs testing that are final
is things like noise so we take the tape
off tomorrow yes I'm so down pull the
limiter
out uh well this is just cyber Punk
being cyber
Punk starting to take off dude we are
averaging 60 FPS you murdering innocent
civilians yes that's what that's a
mentality we need in scrapyard Duke good
training young Mike we got to use that
on the streets what quality setting is
we're on like Ultra at 1080p that's
pretty sick that is pretty loud though
and I don't think we're going to be able
to eat side panel's not on either sure
yeah that's not better at all is it
kicking off a lot of heat
no and the air volume is also very bad
yeah these fans are pretty rinky dinky
should just taken that whole system from
stratum yeah pulled the fans out of it
cuz having no fans in the top too is
like kind of rough you going be able to
mess with fan profiles and stuff too
yeah I mean our GPU is getting up to 87
88 maybe we shouldn't mess with fan
profiles yeah CPU is at 50 our CPU is
like fine actually taping plan was fun
yeah but when it's cranked
up that was on Q yeah wow when it's
cranked up the fan is fine and honestly
I think we might need it yeah let's just
let her be loud she's just a loud
computer cuz I think people got to
realize like gpus are loud pushing can
we steal some of the sound foam what
happens if we like
I think it just is loud though yeah I
don't think it's going to help that much
yeah I'm trying to I'm trying to game
but we got zero minutes left so I think
we just got to kind of lus isn't back
yet so you got bit more time a couple
more
minutes yeah we're ready and he's late
that traditionally comes with downsides
I'm just saying what the downsides
are varies I don't know there's been
crazy ones where was like 10% every 10
minutes or something every 10 minutes
over the deadline was minus 10% I
believe to your score sort of depends on
how late he is like if you're like 5
minutes late it's like who gives a
but if he shows up at 6 kind of a big
deal I saw I messages on being asking
what the UTA was so typical lus always
late y I gave them permission to pick
something up later but I told them that
they had to be back at 5: to do
this so they're late for that part of it
I said Sammy could pick it up till 6 cuz
I technically they're on 10 till six I
might just send you and Sammy for this
pickup oh man like now I'm negotiating
with David apparently we don't have
enough storage for all the benchmarks
maybe we should have looked at what the
Benchmark requirements
were okay that's not going to work for
tomorrow he says oh man I mean uh can we
get a random hard go we have to get it
done by today I don't know what's going
on yeah how are we going to get another
Drive I mean we can afford it yeah yeah
I had no idea we were going to need more
than 256 gigs so it's this complex here
hey what unit was it we don't know where
where this what unit this guy lives and
he's not responding so the mouse deal is
dead I guess so bummer now David's
calling me hey David how are you I'm not
going to lie I still have not looked at
the Benchmark requirements I suppose it
mentions that we need some amount of
storage it's not specifically specified
that you need a certain amount of
storage um then I guess we won't get
anything docked for that that's not true
hold on hold on just a gosh darn minute
here if it's not a requirement it's not
a requirement uh it's an implied
requirement that the benchmarks need to
be installed you can't have an implied
requirement sir is the problem that your
drive is broken yes my drive is broken
but I had one working drive so I figured
I was in good shape your drive Works
what which one the 750 I just plugged it
in and it detected right away really ohe
just replied sorry well then that's
great so we'll use the hard drive so
what I had intended to do actually was
set them up as tiered storage but we can
delay so Luke can go hand his PC in they
can start the testing on his then when
you get back you can set up the teered
storage no I don't I don't think I'm
going to be able to cuz to set up tiered
storage you have to install to the hard
drive can you just tell me what the
benchmarks are and then uh uh I can pull
it up just like you could have based on
the document I sent out earlier today we
have never had it in the past that you
have to have all the benchmarks on the
drive at a time so if that wasn't
explicitly in the rules I expect there
to be no penalty for this and the fact
that I happen to have a working drive it
turns out that's a bonus did you really
think we were going to all stand around
do that or are you just playing a game
uh to try and win we've done that before
no I'm serious sto the amount of storage
unless it's explicitly laid out is just
whatever it is and you just install
whatever you need when you need it when
we've tested in the past okay that's
what the subjective scoring is for is
bring your demares there that's going to
be up to the judges but yeah it will
affect the subjective scoring yeah yeah
that's fine no no I knew that um so
David put whatever the most storage
dependent ones are on the SSD and then
put everything else on the hard drive I
guess okay sounds good all right thanks
David we doing this thing how much was
it 15 hello Mouse guy here's the mouse
oh thank you great do you think he'll
like this yep lots of buttons gamer yeah
it's good it's my ex-girlfriend's oh oh
sorry to hear that no no no it's fine oh
then I'm glad to hear that
yeah I built a computer for her and
everything so uh so 15 yeah okay how did
you learn to build computers it's pretty
easy like honestly if you watch on
YouTube it's super easy to do what's
like a good Channel and we got to build
one right now so oh really yeah just
what would we look up you think like
honestly uh NCIX will do for like a 100
bucks too if you're like very unsure
about like what you're doing no good
Channel sir I don't think NCIX is in
business m Express oh okay what was that
channel that uh that that you knew uh
lonus techtips oh okay no lonus is he's
really good oh okay really yeah I heard
he's from Vancouver I think he's in Lang
yeah it's a really small world yeah yeah
okay thank you would you want to be in
one of Linus's videos I mean I think
you're wearing his shirt right now so
really yeah really look like him yeah do
I do I look like him yes you do are you
sure yeah okay how long did it take you
to recognize me I actually thought I I
recognized you pretty early and then I
noticed the shirt damn the damn shirt I
had the sweater in there we've been
running around today man thankfully I
think that SSD might actually like save
us saved one of our benchmarks so it'll
take a second to cook up cuz that's just
what steam does our disc usage is
climbing we're at
627 700 to dude I'm so happy with and
like our CPU is unpacking on all threads
dude if they have to download to that
hard drive yeah they're screwed they're
screwed
brother okay so we're heading to our
next protocol I'm not in David's good
books right now I'm kind of afraid to
ask him for a favor but we might need to
be owed to pick something up a little
bit after 6 today it's 5:30 L is still
not here it's a little ridiculous like
honestly probably doesn't even matter
for the competition but I just I just
want him to
cook we did it you were ready in time we
crossed the Finish Line I'm proud of our
child I'd be happy with this computer me
too do you think that you have the
better system when compared to lonus
it's always hard to tell we saw a CPU
that he was selling knowing how he tends
to approach these challenges I think
he'll have strong points that are weak
points for us and I think we'll have
strong points that are are weak points
for him so I really don't know how it's
going to come out our strongest point is
GPU our weakest point is everything else
but our weakest points aren't like that
weak like the CPU is pretty solid we
were running some stuff like in
cyberpunk we had no CPU bound issues
even with the 380 I guess we'll see how
Labs deals with it cuz that's going to
be the yeah the real test it'll suffer
in some areas I suspect he has a better
processor I think that'll be our hardest
Point have you guys put any thought into
the Benchmark you get to choose because
we know we're CPU Limited we're going to
definitely be avoiding picking those
games we don't we don't want to do no
Counter Strike that's what we're
currently thinking probably Tomb Raider
if I remember correctly from my days
Tomb Raider scaled really well with CPU
and GPU but and GPU is the big important
part of that and I'm guessing because
you are running a 3080 you want to have
your settings cranked high resolution we
would love to do ra tracing on
everything we just want to put that out
there right now it's 2024 you should
just have ra tracing I don't understand
why this is even a conversation any
amount of time of our lives spent
without ra tracing from here on is a
so I I believe Tom's Hardware said it
first what is life without ra tracing
yeah exactly it's time to hand your
system in for testing all right here it
goes oh boy don't fail me
[Music]
now hey there brother hello m m Miss
David hi I can hear you now okay we're
going to arrive at our second last stop
for today at 6 your second last stop at
6 well that's what I was going to tell
you is it would certainly be convenient
for us to do one more stop today after 6
but we don't need to but we would prefer
to do our last stop today in costume
which has a clear content
benefit and then take a small time
penalty
tomorrow yeah fine sure all right that's
about the best outcome we could have
hoped for Sammy yep and what are we
picking up at this spot again uh monitor
sorry I just have a hard time hearing hi
uh we're here to pick up a monitor uh
you can come on inside oh thank
you hey sorry it's SC through the garage
oh sorry Hi good thank you so I'll just
take this or do you want to give him the
cash oh thank you and then again like I
was saying though the cord is a little
bit finicky so like sometimes you'll
notice that it'll cut out in and out so
um we have another one I thank you very
much have a great day no worries take
guys thank you take care take care I
don't think you recognized us no I don't
think so um
shoot Sammy didn't you say this one had
display port yeah we looked it up uh I
think it's a different model oh doesn't
have display port this will be
interesting I think what might end up
happening is we might have to get a
display port to DVI adapter if we want
to run at 120 HZ so we'll have to see
how it goes shoot this may have been a
miscalculation this monitor but that's
okay that's okay overall overall it's
going to be a really good package we've
got a monitor wait wait are we at Luke's
complex holy we are at Luke's building
right now for our last pick up of the
day this is Luke's response
here hello there that's it right there
thank you I just don't use him oh sure
so there you are as long as someone can
use them then oh great thank you okay I
really appreciate that no worries all
right take care yeah okay all right
thank you not so is a Second Glance some
nice little edifier speakers 20 bucks
let's do it we made it our last pickup
was at 6:30 so you can penalize us
however you see fit well how do you
think you did your system's basically
complete we had a few options for
configuration we almost ended up with a
3600 but we ended up with a 4500 ryzen
processor because the speed was almost
the same and the price that we were able
to get flipping our 3600 was better cuz
the 4500 nobody knew what the heck it
was we got our hands on a 3070 for what
I thought was a pretty good deal 16 gigs
Ram XMP worked just like that needed a
bios update in order for everything to
be hunky dory but I think it's a great
system for the price overall I still
don't know how much we paid for it well
we'll uh probably set some Ed parts and
we'll find out for ourselves but our
first inspection so far we did open it
up we're actually quite surprised to see
oh okay Secret Surprise well what's the
point of me talking to him I thought he
was supposed to tell me how my system's
doing you should have read documents I
sent you I'm building a gaming PC we
shared a test plan we got input from
everybody on how to best break or sorry
test your system it's a great gaming
system it's a great gaming system for
gamers I guess we're going to find out
tomorrow thanks for watching this
[Laughter]
video it's day four the systems are done
they're tested although there is still
time for us to tweak them for better
perform yes there's still time to tweak
them but the big Focus today is going to
be on the setup which is going to be a
big Advantage for us except for one
small problem we're going to have a
little less time today yes that's right
they were so late yesterday we're going
to delay them by the equivalent amount
of time you can penalize us however you
see fit for the next hour these two are
going to have to play board games oh no
I like board games the real punishment
is because lonus didn't read my
instructions yesterday I'm going to
steal all the instructions from every
game what do you mean read the
instruction please no yeah no I'm not
going to take it you pulled in the
parking lot at 700 we were told we done
at 5 you were 2 hours late what a joke
this whole thing's a sham I don't like
it when dad's argue you know what
realistically we don't even need the
time we got this does that mean we get
to go you're good to go you're free yeah
no punishment okay we're going to go you
got to grab the monitor you got to start
clocking the 1700 let's get
going might want to use another chair
just to keep this one in good condition
cuz the wheels broken so Co names the
only Clues you're allowed to give is one
word at a time for example like model
you could be like train sure this is
going to be too easy have you seen how
well we communicate I have not they
communicate so well at being
late who this is the monitor we got dang
thanks
Jaa is that a high-end mechanical I'm
just trying to taunt them with our
mechanical keyboard right now sport
three sport three one of them has to be
Cricket yep one of them has to be dance
yep and one of them's got to be Stadium
yes let's go I noticed your uh Cable
Management isn't particularly nice so I
have a gift for you which is the
magnetic Cable Management Arts oh nice
LT store.com this is a actually nice kit
there's another layer too there's stuff
below it w observe for two well watch
yes and spy yes yes let's go we had a
little bit of a revelation I was trying
to type in Steam and it wasn't the
smoothest experience so I've opened a
keyboard tester
it's registering like 30% of the keys I
am not happy right now one of the judges
is aob so that's definitely going to
come back and bite
them I just tried our first overclock
and it crashed when rendering I'm going
to try adjusting the voltage on it and
see if that'll help this is my first
time
overclocking I've never overclocked
before I'm glad this is news for both of
us
so are we done our punishment now y
you're free to go I've had far worse
punishments should have had far worse
punishments got them deal with it Luke
oh I will everything can be ready for
the judges at 2:00 p.m. 2:00 p.m. I
thought we had a full day today they'll
show up at 4:00 then no problem when are
we going to judge and Benchmark and
stuff are we staying till like midnight
no this is the last day lus oh what you
go so we need to get the mouse pad and
leave a tuny under the guy's mat yes
let's figure out where we want our desk
this is an option okay I think we can
just leave it like this that's also an
option I like this really with the lamp
and the wood how much of like the space
are we allowed to use to help with our
aesthetic here you can't take items from
the sets and use them on your desk but
if you want to put stuff elsewhere
around that's fine wait but they have
the cute Corner that's not fair oh we
didn't even think about using that
thanks lonus yeah the cute corner is off
limit if we can't use the cute Corner we
should just try to use that corner I
just don't think we should be able to
use anything to be honest it should be
like the desk right here what kind of
food is on this side panel but I'm going
to remove all of it I'm going to double
check our budget don't we have to figure
out an adapter Sammy didn't you say this
one had display port we might have to
get a display port to DVI adapter if we
want to run it 120 HZ so we'll have to
see how it goes um I'm going to plug it
in and find out for sure we have 30 $30
remaining I'm thinking we hit up a mini
so cuz it's actually kind of close this
one's a Guilford also I think if we just
got a Guilford straight up yeah there's
a bunch of dollar stores there and stuff
okay how we doing we're holding at this
now 3.65 I mean it's a lot better than
it was it's better than three and it has
crashed yet kind of expecting more but
it's a good idea to find a stable good
place you will also get a care package
of magnetic Cable Management Arches from
LTT store.com very nice so we can use
that to make sure everything looks
really clean aesthetically do you want
it facing forward facing forward
probably all right cool tilt this a
little little bit so that you can see
absolutely cuz we've got this expansive
desk see these guys are all sign
language
whispery We've Got Confidence that's why
we talk out loud about how freaking
awesome our setup is we're just bored
cuz we're already done uh-huh sure I
have a question for both teams did you
read the judging rubric nope nope by the
time you sent it to us we already had
everything procured so it's not like we
could well let me help both teams out by
telling you how you will be judged by
the judges so there's going to be four
categories there is Aesthetics worth 25
points there is sound worth 10 points
and that's partly the PC noise but also
how good the audio will be there is
stratagem or creativity as I like to
call worth 25 points so judging how
creative is a setup how neat are the
solutions and then Effectiveness for 40
points so how much would you like to use
a setup and that's combined into a
sweeping score and that scoring metric I
like to call the asses score the asses
score yeah aesthetic sound strategy
Effectiveness and then a sweeping
score I might have these for free I have
a bunch of people I'm talking to right
now this is the one that I think
it's these were LG speakers I assumed it
would work on a computer I saw a picture
on the back that's speaker wire I think
the person messaged me by the looks of
your profile you seem like a funny guy
and I appreciate your joke offer but
honestly these are kind of muffled and
junky speakers not anything close to
what I thought when I got them if you
want them you can have it for free but
then no refunds they're not taking my
$2.7 very seriously okay so we are going
to go pick up some speakers but as we've
been driving my phone's been popping off
with messages so we might be able to
pick up a keyboard while we're out as
well there's a few free keyboards around
we might have an option do you want to
grab the peripherals you know what for a
$10 keyboard it's not the worst oh yeah
just needs a little bit of clean up and
then it's good to go honestly it's not
even that bad it's not that bad there
are no weird gross fingernails in there
yeah maybe we focus on other priorities
all right so we're just going to
Guilford now um I guess this is kind of
we're going to set things up right do
you want to plug everything in and make
sure it works first it wouldn't be a bad
idea yes yeah so here we go just
confirming Labs didn't break our
computer real quick here let me oh yeah
good call we could still replace this if
we need to okay the whole keyboard works
and mouse too this is actually the first
time we fired up the mouse it probably
won't track well on that so no it's
actually doing okay okay great I did a
bit of a goof I thought those speakers
looked like computer speakers those are
home theater speakers they have speaker
wire connections but that guy was
awesome gave me just a bunch of extra
stuff for free one of those things is
this he said it's just like some piece
of junk he got off AliExpress said it
barely works and massively overheats but
I will let you know there's left and
right audio inputs so with a Y adapter
we can run these speakers oh my God
we're on our way to a dollar store SL
cool kitchy stuff store to pick up some
things to beautify our setup a little
bit we've got a $30 budget basically to
get a mouse pad and beautification
question for you Sammy yes seeing how
much of the score is audio right do we
need a mic we can try to find something
at mini so and then our worst case
scenario if we can't get a mouse pad for
a decent price is we just drive to that
place and leave it to the under the
guy's mat yep hopefully he still has it
out yeah yeah yeah all right oh my God
this is not that cheap though dude this
is the Branded stuff this is officially
licensed so it's more expensive I see
Care Bear's battery bank man that 30
bucks is not going to go very far dude
maybe there's a dollar store in here
there is a dollar store here we'll see
what budget we have but I think Dollar
Store candies can be pretty good you're
not wrong you're not wrong one thing I
was a little concerned about was that
strip yeah it's like okay yep we're
talking about the same some kind of like
sticker think of just like whatever this
is like a piece of ribbon or something
across the front there but then this is
a little wide okay you want to just go
with the silver or the go with the
silver that's a cute little basket yeah
for $150 not bad this fit you I almost
oh $1.75 oh that matches our chair too
yeah we'll go with this that's the one
is that our candy dish or is that
something else that's our candy dish oh
yeah I was going to look up USB
microphone it's $10 for a Blue Snowball
ice but we we have an hour and it's a
kitum that's close to here okay here's a
black Blue Snowball for 20 bucks I mean
how badly do you think we need a mic it
was like a quarter of the score for
audio you're right yeah and like we can
no no CU we can still get this some
candy and some candy and a microphone
maybe hard mints for a dollar wait did
you just say hard mints yeah okay Boomer
maybe we do like these I'm like hey your
previous candy was for Boomer she goes
here let me improve that with worther
Originals literally my grandfather
ranchers my grandfather is the only
person I've ever seen EA worther
original Jolly Ranchers are a good B oh
wo wo wo $10 Blue Ice uh just responded
to me I pick it up right now what is
your ETA can holy crap to 10 bucks
anytime is fine just let me know before
you come okay we sent the money money
sent I sent you my money please respond
did you ask him if it's fully functional
I mean I didn't really read the listing
like new okay great please hold yeah
yeah yeah I got you hey where was the
address for the mouse pad oh she left
I'm on my own now well uh it was nice
having a teammate while it lasted super
lucky I guess she just wanted to get rid
of them but we got a keyboard and
headphones I don't know if any of it
works there was no opportunity to try
it
so got some macros and guess what we
still have left
$2.70 did you just just like Rob someone
the person with all the speakers that's
the person who messaged me and was like
I looked at your profile you seem like a
funny guy ended up giving me all of this
stuff this stuff bit of a problem he
also gave me this thing I don't know if
we can use this forget about that but he
gave me this oh bum it's got an ax we
can plug it into the computer with this
he solved the problem without me even
bringing up that it was a problem we
could mount it in like a coely like
under the desk here something yeah the
keyboard what's this story some lady was
just trying to get rid of stuff these
were a thing when I was a teenager I
don't know if it's going to work what
are you doing what's your story what's
going on okay so I I have some before
and after pictures this was just with a
CPU overclock on Shadow of the Tomb
Raider 1080p with everything on Ultra
including R Trace Shadows did a little
bit of GPU overclocking it's not much
but anything higher I went we started
thermal throttling which then means we
were getting lower let's not bother with
that 4 FPS when you're out of less than
100 yeah it's like 5% let's make sure I
don't have to keep running out so let's
test this really I don't know if any of
this is going to work literally
everything that I have right now I have
headphones I have a new key well this is
nasty it's not
new lights lights lights okay there you
go okay but we need to see notepad oh
that's almost like my old dream
keyboard cool we have a functional
keyboard headphones it has a mic I
didn't even think about that play some
noise uh H uh Some
Noise We got working headphones nice
crank them crank them
[Music]
brother that's what0 sounds like let's
go thank you great thank you so much oh
we have $12 yes with tax we have 10
bucks essentially so we go buy something
cute do they have a figure for 10 Buck
wait we don't have any stationary to put
our little sign out
[Music]
Nicole goes by penu pandering how much
is it $4.99 we five more dollars so this
we're going to leave our little notes on
like guide to fully appreciating our
system or whatever is this $299 yeah if
we get this penguin okaying win yes
we're going to gamble on a blind box
that might have a blue penguin in it
okay which one this one has less space
this one has ears and this one's taller
and this one's taller we want a kind of
shaky one cuz this one's a little lower
or one that has like more space on the
side so if you shake it like well that
one has no space on the side no try this
one oh this one is good I okay do we
want this one I think okay we're going
for it we'll take these items please you
have a membership with this oh no thank
you just for membership okay I will be a
member thank you uh let's go get our
microphone I sent them an ETA already
well the reason why we bought this is
because we saw a little penguin in here
that we really want okay three two one
so you can't see through the bag you
pull it open oh my God we got the dock
our penguin the penguin let's go we're
going to win oh my God for $3 and all
you had to do was sacrifice your
personal information to miniso
yes great thank you problem all right
take care and it it works uh yeah it
work okay great thank you so much thank
you oh do we have mouse pad address yeah
I have oh you got it yeah based on the
current timing we are going to arrive
back to the office with about 5 to 10
minutes to Cable manage and for Sammy to
accent that front piece and like it's
going to be tight and if Buddy didn't
leave the mouse pad out we are not going
to have a mouse pad which is going to
cost us big time I'm a touch worried
that we've put absolutely zero tuning
into our system I think our best bet for
that is to kind of spin it as a win so
like as part of our system presentation
we talk about how like the system's not
just for you know Extreme Gaming or
whatever it's stable enough for anything
you'd need to do explicitly not
overclocked in any way Rock Solid stable
like that kind of thing okay okay oh the
guy replied oh so sorry I forgot to
leave it outside wait we're not going to
have the tomorrow okay oh sh we have $5
left I should have confirmed with him
okay there's got to be a Canada
Computers or a Memory Express somewhere
around here as well memory Memory
Express Langley are we going to make it
in time we can make it calling Memory
Express Langley this location is open
Monday through Friday
yeah long story no time to tell it I
need the cheapest mouse pad possible
what is your cheapest mouse pad that you
have in stock I'm talking like five
bucks uh cheapest we do have is five
bucks can you do five bucks including
tax like can I give give you like a $5
bill um yeah should work yeah thank you
so much I'll be there in 5 minutes
yes hi got the most look at that here's
$5 you want your phone number can I get
a receipt do you have something for like
$7 uh next one up goes to like 15 15
okay think it's going to be this then
doesn't really have a rubber backing
here's what we're going to do Sammy the
first thing we do when we get back we
plug in a glue gun okay and we glue it
down to the table so that they can't
tell exactly how she glue this and then
it'll be a rubber thing oh that'll work
thank you have a great day thank you so
much take care not going to lie this is
barely a mouse pad this is a piece of
foam that you can put a mouse on but
we'll take it how I'm imagining this is
I could almost see either the computer
on the right outside or underneath on
the inside cuz if it's underneath on the
inside we will need to drill another
hole if it's on the outside we don't
need to cuz we could theoretically just
have everything run up along the back I
feel like if it's on the desk it's going
to make it not very even like to the
eyes I like the idea of the speakers and
no Tower I think it's pretty cool I'm
just wondering about the amp I think we
still drill we can run these speaker
wires directly off the back nice and
neatly they can come up and in this way
and it can be mounted there like
something like that are you going to get
a drill yeah right now all right I'm
going to go try to get a wheel is there
anything else in here no hey get out of
here get out of here I'm not looking I'm
not looking it's okay I'm coming away
look away look at your own as we we're
driving up today I spotted two chairs in
the wild I don't think I want the chairs
the chairs are a little gnarly but the
wheels that was easier than I
expected I don't know if it's like
compatible or anything oh there's always
tape no
way
solved that is sick squiggly is the way
to go
[Music]
go uh I got two just in case it occurs
to me I never thought to take a close
look at this cable said it was a little
flaky what buddy let's try this other
one might have gotten
Bamboozled okay well that sure as heck
isn't it well that is the flakiness of
the cable revealed come on come on
what you know what I think it is this
adapter doesn't support that do you have
another adapter maybe okay do the cable
management first okay I'm on it all
right going to get everything starting
to wire before we plug Mount this wiring
it while it's mounted might be difficult
but I don't know we don't have much time
though we got to move real fast
technically I think we have 12 minutes
oh my god
really I am not going to get this
perfect I'm getting stuff off but
there's things here that I believe have
lived here for a
while can you give me a time check 150
yeah we officially only have 10 minutes
LT okay magnetic Cable Management
time
balls not game banter how you guys doing
for time uh never better I'm okay with
adding some time if you want never
better okay I may have to swap out a
defective cable but that's my only
concern and it comes with stick
[Music]
I don't know feel like off to the side
is a little bit better I don't know if
it's exactly centered okay but it's
pretty I'm going with it then
okay that is wired in and then we can
plug plug headphones in up here yeah I
think we're okay just keep cable
matching you've got 3 minutes and I'm
going to keep cleaning this isn't movie
Magic this isn't reality TV show magic
we're actually just running out of
time it doesn't look very nice but it
either looks nice or it works does it
feel okay it's a little Lumpy
oh it is okay do more glue where's all
my adapters be at here if you can go
that way that's better I can go through
the front though if it needs to uh that
is plugged in that's plugged in it works
25 seconds lint roller are you able to
um make the mouse pad a little bit less
horrible first penil down exactly how
you leave it in 15 get seconds I don't
have time to fix the glue uh I may not
have a working computer in 15 seconds we
got just slide against the wall
five can everybody get like one more
minute
three
two one the screen on this okay everyone
pencil's down you guys need another
minute huh they can have another minute
they don't need another minute nope we
don't yeah it's done way to go everybody
you did it I think we did great look at
the setup yeah I think we did pretty
good it was better than I expected I
don't know if I've ever been this sweaty
at the end of a scrapyard Wars I think
we overestimated how much time we had to
do the setup itself but I'm happy with
it it looks good but it looks
good we are here in the final stretch of
scrapyard Wars and we have our three
experts Nicholas plof our display and
keyboard expert Nicole Yun our
Aesthetics expert and Riley I yeah
that's regular guy wait can I be vibed
Riley murdog VI you don't know which
system is which right no why don't we
start over here oh this is it this is it
I thought this was something somebody
left here by accident I'm really
impressed that they have a chair this
time around not bad not bad oh okay this
is short person friendly I like that the
keyboard yikes is that like orange dried
up goop
yum is this bribery absolutely how do we
split that three ways we could get Maybe
a small Slurpee they got a 3080 in here
oh wow who did they steal us from okay
these headphones are also orange crusty
what where is this coming from extra
flavor yay there it is that's not bad
odd stains on the chair I'll sit down
anyway honestly I'm pretty impressed by
the speakers one thing that I don't
think Nicole touched on is uh looks like
they got a Dack here high-fi stereo
audio amplifier okay it's just an amp
it's not a oh it's just an amp still
though to drive these massive bookshelf
speakers I don't even know if you can
call them bookshelf at this point
headphones aren't amazing but they're
not bad and they got a mic you know it's
not the best monitor they've ever used
but for the price point that they got to
that's not bad they really hear the fans
around pinning up that's why they've got
the speakers and the headphones and I
love the zooming mouse pad they have a
mouse pad yeah wow that that orange
crusty definitely is High Fidelity up
close that's got some crust on it okay
well this is very smooth obviously I
mean like we got a 3080 144 HZ screen
one thing that's irritating to me as
someone who whose desk is on the set
where we film is a loud PC I cannot
Abide a loud PC and this one is very
loud it's all red all the time yes I
would have liked something a little
something a little more they're also not
showing it off at all they just shoved
it in a corner if you're putting this
forward to be judged
why are you hiding in a corner this is a
big desk you could you could easily put
that up here so I mean mineus some
points for shame uh on their part
overall Vibes I mean for $800 for this
complete setup that's not bad at all
don't give your scores yet yeah it's
time to go look at the other system
immediately wow this looks way better to
me it's so comfortable you've got some
personal affects look at that look at
that little penguin it's so happy to see
me they're showing off their SST custom
it's nice and clean there's no sign of
any orange crusty anywhere you know
they're even more personal a effect oh
that's so cute there's candy see this is
a station I would be happy to sit at and
use let's see how it feels so right off
the bat the monitor is much less
impressive but it's cute I don't
understand what's going on with this
mouse pad there has to be some kind of
crusty there's okay one
second that's something blue crusty blue
crusty The elusive blue Vari interesting
I guess that does provide
grip Mouse is very fancy and then
there's a nice blue microphone ooh with
a cute little bow very nice quiet knock
to a fans one LT Edition modern platform
runs runs Windows 11 oh I didn't even
think about that one keyboard is nicer
it's not mechanical but it it it feels
it feels better and
newer feels pretty good it's definitely
I'm guessing 60 HZ also 1080p K that's
fine they're on a budget edifier
speakers they're much smaller than the
huge bookshelf towers that were over
there I don't think the sub's doing very
much it's doing something these aren't
bad I think they're pretty similar they
also mentioned zero overclocking for
gaming every day so it's going to be
nice and stable allegedly bribes are
really getting you yeah oh I'm such a
sucker for candy the frame rate is a
cable issue but this monitor's capable
of higher refresh allegedly so the
refresh rate issue was really like uh
we're speeding to the end of the Finish
Line only to trip kind of oh I'm so torn
I hate that this is stuck at 60 I think
it's the better computer but I think
ultimately a way worse monitor we got a
DP 1.4 8K thing yo going into DVI dongle
to that's not their fault that's not
their fault what do you mean it's not
their fault that's something they had to
think about when they were they should
have thought about it no free lunches
here so I had some immediate thoughts
upon coming over here the vibe is
immediately more welcoming just because
of the high contrast between the dark
peripherals and the PCS and stuff and
the lighter desk over there we got a
darker desk and dark peripherals it just
kind of looks like I think the word is
Dink is is there no headset there was no
headset on this one if anything I would
expect that one to not have headphones
instead of this one this one looks like
you've taken the uh how it appears to
other people into account I don't know
what who I present when I say that uh 60
FPS is like just fine for me in most
things o oh oh oh this yeah yeah I I I
can tell that it's 60 nice Boomer scored
see and I think I'm already getting used
to the 60 and this is the thing have you
ever heard the term comparison is the
thief of Joy that's what this is all
about and they scored on us God damn it
it's not
screaming oh yeah that's I can't even
hear it at all it's not making any sound
who's this guy what's his name it's
friend it's funny you know I wouldn't
guess that something like that would
work on me but it does I like that it's
I like that he's there I don't like the
ribbon though did they do this to cover
oh okay you're disassembling the well I
didn't I didn't know I would be disass I
mean that's shoddy workmanship wait
that's the same that's a blue glue
that's a blue crusty the rabbit hole
goes deeper what's up guys hey if you
want to see the whole uncut uncensored
version of us judging these systems head
on over to float plane what happens on
float plane stays there all right see
you later before we get to the judges
score I want to announce what settings
the benchmarks will be run at for the
teams okay for Red Dead Redemption
medium okay for cyberpunk medium no Ray
tracing oh however yeah I mean if you
had read The Benchmark document you
would know that you get to pick a
benchmark and every single setting at
which it runs at we're going to pick
shadow of the Tomb Raider
what it's way better I I tested both I
promise you it's better and L Sammy have
you picked your benchmark do you even
know what the choices are
no you can pick from the list we'll take
f123 low okay the judges have conferred
and it's time for their scores in the
category of Aesthetics this one over
here is nice lots of room but it looks a
little old 17 out of 25 this setup gives
me sketchy and hidden in a basement
where things that shouldn't happen are
happening oh so I give this a 15 what
kind of den is it called goon cave yeah
a goon cave I largely agree with Nicole
on this one it doesn't seem right I'm
giving it a 10 the next category is
sound this system had bigger speakers
I'm not saying they're better but
they're bigger and it had an amp I'm
giving this one also headphones a Tim
wild it had both headphones and speakers
the headphones were so crusty that I
didn't want to put them on I forgot to
clean those no oh I gave four each for
having both they both work so a total of
eight I also appreciate that this one
had speakers and headphones but as
Nicole said they're kind of crusty I'm
giving this one an eight next category
stratem or also known as creativity
total creativity I think it's not bad
I'm going to give it an 18 out of 25 I
actually think that they were incredibly
creative with what they've done here
they tried so hard to hide every sketchy
part of
system even with the tempered glass
panel that was pushed up against the
desk it very creative it's full of
problem solving i' give this actually a
full 25 what let's
go right there buddy very good despite
the aesthetic being concerning the
strategy here is clear they wanted High
frame rate and they achieved it I think
so I'm giving it a 23 you only get frame
rates that are so high with that CPU uh
it's pretty good actually well and the
monitor is capable of it
burn sh it actually is capable we
wouldn't know the last category is the
effectiveness of the system how much
would you like to use this setup I'm
very torn I don't like most of the
peripherals I do love the monitor I'm
going to give it a 30 as much as it's
creepy and kind of sketchy kind of
crusty gross it's very usable it
performs well I give this a 30 if I'm
thinking about this as something I'm
going to be coming and sitting
repeatedly at uh it's not very inviting
but you know it's not horrible I'm
giving it uh 20 out of 40 I will
tabulate these scores but it is time to
move on to system number two it's much
prettier and more inviting so I'm going
to give it a 25 it gets full points I
really like the whole thing super comfy
brought me joy the only thing was the
mouse pad that kind of got me I'd give
this a 23 I'm giving it a 20 I like the
contrast the light desk dark peripherals
it's inviting but there's also some
weird stuff going on there not having a
pair of headphones and being stuck with
desktop mic and speakers I'm giving it
more like a seven if the other was a
full 10 I'd actually give this a six
because while they weren't as gross they
didn't really blow me out of the water I
like headphones a bit more than speakers
so I'm going to give this one a seven
next category is stratem they tried real
hard I think overall they tried real
hard hey hey I do love candy I love
candy in terms of creativity I genuinely
like it with without the bribe I'd still
give it a 23 I was very impressed but
the fact that both the mous pad and the
monitor were kind of Jank I'd give this
a 23 I forgot what I gave this one but I
wanted to give them the same score
because they went for different things
but they both kind of achieved what they
were going for 23 23 and me and the last
category is Effectiveness I'm incredibly
torn I really prefer that monitor but
the peripherals on this one in terms of
mouse and keyboard and just overall
smoothness of using the computer was a
lot better so I'm going to give it a 35
just the fact that sitting at the
station it doesn't make me not want to
touch anything and to shy away it brings
me comfort and joy this gets a 35 I
definitely wanted to use this one a lot
more and despite the lower frame rate
the overpowered Hardware made things
smooth so this is a 30 for me you guys
better hope you win some benchmarks
we're going to that concludes the
judging thank you expert judges you may
now leave please please leave please
leave I'm going to tabulate the score
and while I do that the contestants are
going to take a look at each other's
systems your chair is actually this is
horrendous I think there might be more
shoo on your setup I think they just saw
the bright desk compared to darker
peripherals and thought it was nicer I
think yours is actually more goon cavey
than ours is like this armrest on this
chair is gross it that's a sound ours
doesn't move great either yeah you
pulled your wheel off of a dumpster
chair you know I didn't have time to
tune the sub
yeah I wish I had tuned that first what
is that is that a 3060 or 3070 3070
that's the 3070 from Jawa yeah so that
was my original idea as well uh this is
a ryzen 5 4500 nice we've got 16 gigs of
3200 Ram we did manage to enable XMP it
like worked immediately 3600 never mind
so 3600 is a big Advantage for CPU
performance for us here you had no time
to overclock though right I had no time
to overclock cuz we cranked a bunch more
performance out of the 17700 yeah but
your Zen one how many cores is this one
again is it six but they're fast they're
much faster and we have faster Ram let's
see your goon cave setup yeah hell yeah
welcome to the dungeon oh this front fan
is barely spinning I wonder if your GPU
is just like starving it's probably
starving this case has literally no
front intake yes we were trying to get
more fans and stuff it kind of ran out
of time this was a very short scrap R
Wars we also we had lots of fans and
lots of cases yeah we have headphones
maybe if you've gotten that CR we m yeah
nice
Mouse it's so brok you're supposed to
have light mice they're supposed to be
light it jumped out of my hands it fell
down behind oh from Z Lang wolf brand
hey it's actually all right if you don't
Smash It Anyways there's aess there's a
good there's a recess portion at the
back of the desk that we thought about
mounting the computer on instead of
having it in a case oh yeah but that was
another like we don't have enough time
for this situation I can't believe this
monitor how much you get $75 off Jaa
okay that's a good deal it was actually
sick figuring out the balance was really
tough um what' you pay for that GPU 500
500 C yeah I still like our deal better
I'm sorry the original I had decided
3070 immediately on yeah we saw that
deal and we were like that is probably
we should buy the 3070 spend the rest on
everything else and then it was like but
the like turbo gas gas gas option is buy
a $500 380 so we just like did it for
fun then now we'll see what happens your
XMP is not working uh it should it was
not working during when the judges were
there what Elijah it was I literally had
it on and I unplugged and moved it
here when Mom and Dad start fighting
that's fine we'll just re we'll use one
of our reruns you can set XMP now cuz
you're like allowed to overclock oh are
we all right see you later well we're
just going to rely on software we're
going to download ryzen Master software
and we're going to download MSI After
Burner and we're basically just going to
turn the power knobs all the way to the
end and hope for the best so we are 65
higher that was the only stable I could
get and then we do have XMP I mean
there's not much for us to do in the 10
minutes overclocking time cuz we're
already pretty dial in we'll do c a
bench first all right we're just hitting
start on single core start on single
core hey we're done 72 points boys
that's uh lower than your lab score so
we're going to go with your lab score
that's lower than our lab score that's
74 well okay hey there we go 60 all
right multicore are we giving it a
moment to like chill or we just nice try
we're running oh okay going what's your
score 564 545
545 that's close though yeah I don't
know if I would dance that much we knew
you going to win CPU benchmarks not uh
GPU this is where Things Fall Apart a
little bit all right 3 2 1 go what was
your score
12,653 what was yours 10135 sorry
10135 well I think we know who won that
one what do we do next it is now the
blender render okay am I missing
something here is this going to take 46
minutes no it should be like 90 seconds
okay yeah it say time remaining 41
minutes let's just skip this one and do
the lap Square yeah sure fine what are
the scores lower is better lonus got
99.96% all right next one is cyber Punk
on medium wait so did we win this one
you did win that one yes so medium no
bra tracing that sucks so much I was
specifically confident in cyberpunk and
the fact that we're running it so low
makes me not very confident to be honest
okay what was your average their score
is
98.53 105.3
to team Balan okay next one F1
everything low it's close but we needed
to win that so I think that's kind of it
oh did it crash I don't know did they
crash good thing we chose this game tone
down the GPU a tiny bit oh should we T
them the CPU that was what was unstable
before just do it like very very
slightly got to Huff it h that copium
detail your set
who Okay 194 194 okay let's come have a
looky boo all right let's see average
we're lower 190 oh
but but that's not that bad they were
supposed to spank you on this one this
is their chosen Benchmark but we still
win a win is a win yeah win's a win win
is a win well our chosen Benchmark is
shadow of the Tomb Raider move on Luke W
is a w bit I had to reboot I hope our
GPU overclock was on nope it wasn't wait
what yeah Luke's going toing kill me is
that legit oh my God Elijah forgot to
initialize the GPU clock after we
restarted so that was completely not
overclocked well turn it on now quick
for the last one yeah we did you can
still win this yeah sure so on Graphics
everything the preset is highest oh yeah
R TR Shadow to ultra okay is this the
last Benchmark this is the last
Benchmark it all comes down to this we'd
have to beat them
by 20% or more on this
Benchmark okay here we go here we
go that's a butt nice
so many butts it's what the setup was
made for you even get that you're too
down come on man it's fine what is it
what is it you guys want I'm sure yeah I
don't know why it was so bad guess what
ours was 78 90 90 wow that's so weird do
you want to know what's you you want to
know you know you want to know what's
crazy I can't hear what you're saying
over the sound of your fans that's fair
oh damn you want to know the worst part
Glenn I have a picture here of me
getting 94 okay I guess I have 9
don't they get to keep the better of
their two tests though yeah that's true
so if they got a better score when Labs
tested it theoretically Labs didn't test
this one this is a chosen one they
tested it and got a better one so you
could be really kind and give them that
David every time I do that I lose the
game over it you know that how much
confidence you have in your system you
know what I'll do it again they can have
it yeah okay what what was your highest
score Elijah he had 94 94 95 95 on our
average
FPS it's insane close when it comes to
these Benchmark drag races out of a
possible 900 score it's only 13 points
of
difference and team lonus is ahead by
those 13 points with
764 by 751 but there's two different
modifiers there's the judging
differential which they so the average
score uh for Luke's team was 71.3 okay
and the average score for Linus's team
was 85.6 so it's a 14.3 boost to their
score team Bal we we just fall
over and when it came down to the labs
differential which was a 15% boost to
the winner we have five categories so
someone needs to win three categories in
order to take that win you guys will
crush us on sound but your drive might
hurt you if they actually are you going
let talk first category is the out of
the box experience which is a little bit
of a subjective experience the winner of
that one
was Luke so one Luke zero L you can take
it up with Labs okay I like Labs now
second test was thermals and it was
close L actually had better CPU thermals
but your GPU thermals were very
problematic you a hot spot of 104 on the
GPU have a broken fan he didn't broken
fan and so lonus takes that category
one1 baby repasting for the win then we
tested memory speeds and it was really
really close even though the specs are
different but lonus did out Edge lonus
no EDG lius lius edged Luke just a
little bit he does that one but then it
was storage and even if I only included
Linus's SSD score he still would have
lost to Luke 22 we did spend a notable
amount of extra money on our SS but
unfortunately for Luke's team the last
category was
sound go got to AAL and so the winner of
scrapyard Wars 2024 is team
R CL good job good I'm ready for him to
start crying yeah we have to gather the
tears so I can season my food and the
tears you have as tattoos don't count I
asked for those you should have told oh
yeah probably better you didn't yeah
probably and it's probably better you
guys didn't miss any of this year's
scrapyard Wars I hope you guys enjoyed
this we'll see you again next time oh
yeah shout out Jawa for sponsoring this
video and we all got good deals on Jawa
yeah if you guys like these systems
they're going to be available for
giveaway on Jawa so get over to ja.
that's super cool and they're actually
really legit and one is really loud
leave a comment under the video letting
us know which system you'd rather have
uh well let the people decide
yours I mean it's pretty nice ah if you
didn't get that system that I wanted we
would have crushed that